"And I shall get back to Kansas," cried Dorothy, clapping her hands.
"And I shall get my brains," added the Scarecrow, joyfully.
"And I shall get my courage," said the Lion, thoughtfully.
"And I shall never have a heart," spoke the Tin Woodman.
"And I shall never have brains," added the Scarecrow.
"And I should get no courage," said the Cowardly Lion.
"And I should get no heart," said the Tin Woodman.
"And I should never get back to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"And I thought Oz was a Ball of Fire," exclaimed the Lion.
"And I thought Oz was a lovely Lady," said the Scarecrow.
"And I thought Oz was a terrible Beast," said the Tin Woodman.
"And I want him to give me courage," said the Cowardly Lion.
"And I want him to send me back to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"And now," said Dorothy, "how am I to get back to Kansas?"
"And you promised to give me a heart," said the Tin Woodman.
"And you promised to give me brains," said the Scarecrow.
"And you promised to give me courage," said the Cowardly Lion.
"Anyone would know that," said Dorothy.
"Babies come from amazon.com," he deadpanned.
"But I cannot!" exclaimed Dorothy, greatly surprised.
"But I don't want to live here," cried Dorothy.
"But we must cross it," said the Scarecrow.
"But we must have a basket to ride in," he said.
"But, I don't understand," said Dorothy, in bewilderment.
"Certainly," answered the Scarecrow; "how do you do?"
"Certainly; that is why I know it," returned the Scarecrow.
"Come in," said Oz.
"Dear me," said the Voice; "how sudden!"
"Does he never go out?" asked the Scarecrow.
"Don't speak of it, I beg of you," replied the Woodman.
"Don't try, my dear," he answered.
"Don't! please don't," begged the Tin Woodman.
"Get an oil-can and oil my joints," he answered.
"Glinda might," he suggested.
"Go on," exclaimed Dorothy.
"Go to those people," said the Witch, "and tear them to pieces."
"Good day," said the Scarecrow, in a rather husky voice.
"Good-bye," replied the princess.
"He is my dog, Toto," answered Dorothy.
"Here is another space between the trees," called the Lion.
"I am a Woodman, and made of tin.
"I can't come back, my dear," called Oz from the basket.
"I didn't know there was a charm," answered Dorothy, in surprise.
"I don't know enough," replied the Scarecrow, cheerfully.
"I feel wise, indeed," he answered, earnestly.
"I have always liked you as you were," said Dorothy, simply.
"I have come for my brains," remarked the Scarecrow, a little uneasily.
"I have come for my courage," announced the Lion, entering the room.
"I have," said the Scarecrow.
"I shall be glad to have your company," said Dorothy.
"I shall be glad to hear it," she replied.
"I suppose not," said Dorothy.
"I suppose so," answered the Scarecrow.
"I think you are a very bad man," said Dorothy.
"I thought Oz was a great Head," said Dorothy.
"I want you to fly with me to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"I wonder if they will fit me," she said to Toto.
"I'm very sorry," returned Dorothy; "please forgive us."
"It is kind of you to like a Scarecrow," he replied.
"It may be," said the Lion.
"It seems gloomy," said the Scarecrow.
"It was Dorothy," said the Lion, gravely.
"It's a mystery," replied the Lion.
"Just as easily as he could give me brains," said the Scarecrow.
"Kill the wicked Witch of the West," answered Oz.
"Never mind the patch," exclaimed the happy Woodman.
"No one knows it but you four — and myself," replied Oz.
"No, but you tried to," she retorted.
"No," answered the Scarecrow; "it's a lighted match."
"No," said Dorothy, "he's made of tin."
"No; you are all wrong," said the little man, meekly.
"Nor I my heart," declared the Tin Woodman.
"Now oil the joints in my arms," he said.
"O Lord," said the young man.
"Of course I cannot understand it," he said.
"Of course he's stuffed," replied Dorothy, who was still angry.
"Of course not," answered Dorothy; "how should I?"
"Of course," answered the girl, "if he will see me."
"Oh yes; I am anxious," returned the Scarecrow.
"Oh, I see;" said the Tin Woodman.
"Oh, Oz could do that easily enough," declared the man.
"Oh, indeed," said the Woodman, making a bow.
"Oh, no;" answered the Woodman.
"Oh, no;" declared the Scarecrow; "this Lion is a coward."
"Oh, no;" returned the soldier; "I have never seen him.
"Oh, that is different," said the Guardian of the Gates.
"Oh, yes; sit down in that chair, please," replied Oz.
"Oh, yes; some of us are very good tinsmiths," they told her.
"Oh, yes; there are thousands," she replied.
"Oh, yes;" replied Dorothy.
"Oh," said Dorothy; "I'm awfully sorry for you."
"Oh," she said; "I know."
"Oil my neck, first," replied the Tin Woodman.
"Or give me a heart," said the Tin Woodman.
"Or send me back to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"Over there in the river," answered the girl.
"Perhaps there are wild beasts in the forest now," said Dorothy.
"Perhaps you have heart disease," said the Tin Woodman.
"She could not help it, for she is melted," explained the Scarecrow.
"Suppose we call the Field Mice," she suggested.
"Thank you," he answered, gratefully.
"Thank you," he answered.
"Thank you," replied the girl; "that is very kind of Oz."
"Thank you," said Dorothy, gratefully.
"That is a first rate idea," said the Lion.
"That is because you have no brains," answered the girl.
"That is easily done," replied the Scarecrow.
"That is hard to tell," said the man, thoughtfully.
"That is proof that he is sharp," remarked the Lion.
"That is true," agreed the Woodman.
"That is true," said the Scarecrow.
"That just happened," returned Dorothy, simply; "I could not help it."
"That must be a matter of opinion," said the Tin Woodman.
"That must be the Emerald City," said Dorothy.
"That was a good ride," said the little girl.
"That was one of my tricks," answered Oz.
"That would make me very unhappy," answered the china princess.
"That's all right," said the Scarecrow.
"That's so cliche" she said.
"That's why he nearly blunted my claws," said the Lion.
"That's why he went over so easily," remarked the Lion.
"The King of Beasts shouldn't be a coward," said the Scarecrow.
"The Silver Shoes," said the Good Witch, "have wonderful powers".
"Then I shall never have courage," declared the Lion.
"Then bring them to me," she said.
"Then do it," he said with a smug grin.
"There is nothing to be done," said the little woman, calmly.
"They surely will never do for a long journey, Toto," she said.
"This is a great comfort," he said.
"This is strange," exclaimed Dorothy; "what shall we do?"
"To see the Good Witch who rules here," she answered.
"To the Emerald City," said Dorothy, "to see the Great Oz."
"True," answered Oz.
"True," the Tin Woodman returned.
"Very well," answered Oz, meekly.
"Very well," answered the little man.
"Very well," answered the little man; "I will get it for you."
"Very well," said the Queen, "we will trust you".
"We came here to see the Great Oz," said Dorothy.
"We can try," answered the Lion.
"We did visit her," said the Scarecrow.
"We have lost our way," said Dorothy.
"We must get back to the road, in some way," said Dorothy.
"We must go and search for water," she said to him.
"We must try to find him," said the girl.
"We shall go tomorrow morning," returned the Scarecrow.
"We shan't wait a day longer," said the Scarecrow.
"Well, I'll tell you what I think," said the little man.
"Well, I'll try it," said the Lion.
"Well," said the Head, "I will give you my answer".
"Well," said the girl, "let us go."
"Why should I do this for you?" asked the lady.
"With pleasure," she answered, and brought a towel at once.
"Yes, indeed" answered the little woman.
"Yes, indeed;" answered the child.
"Yes, of course," replied Oz.
"Yes," answered the child, looking up and drying her tears.
"Yes," answered the tin man; "I did".
"Yes," said the Woodman, "at last I shall get my heart."
"Yes," she answered, "I melted her with a bucket of water."
"Yonder, among the oak trees," said the tiger, pointing with his fore-foot.
"You are unusual," replied Glinda.
"You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz.
"You must have been thinking again," remarked the Tin Woodman.
"You've had plenty of time already," said the Tin Woodman, angrily.
"Your Silver Shoes will carry you over the desert," replied Glinda.
"just wait a minute, you have never had a carrot?", she said.
'Am I pale, Sir?’ ‘Not very,’ he replied.
'An observer of human nature, Sir,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
'And the devil teaches you to swear at daddy?’ I observed.
'Be gone, witch, and get your things!’
'Come upstairs — I’m sick!’ I obeyed her summons, and accompanied her out.
'Counsel’s Office,’ replied the executor in a whisper.
'Do you ever drink anything?’ ‘I like eating better,’ replied the boy.
'Do you hear?’ she continued.
'Do you want me?’ said the count, turning back.
'Do you, though?’ ‘Certainly,’ he said.
'Don’t let them say such things,’ she pursued in great trouble.
'Don’t you like him!’ Catherine looked queer.
'For shame!’ she repeated, angrily.
'Get up!’ he shouted.
'Give me another.’ Catherine pushed another to him, and wiped her face.
'He has shown the greatest distress,’ I answered.
'Hear!’ said the smoking gentleman.
'Heathcliff?’ I said.
'He’ll break his heart should anything happen!’ I replied.
'Hush!’ said the lady.
'I can’t hear him!’ ‘Nonsense, mother,’ said Wardle.
'I didn’t!’ sobbed Cathy, fit to break her heart.
'I hope we dine together?’ ‘With pleasure,’ he replied.
'I hope you will,’ returned Mr. Weller.
'I know he will, Sir,’ he said, with energy.
'I thought I was at home,’ she sighed.
'I thought so,’ he said, more affably than before.
'I was only made yesterday,' said the Scarecrow.
'I’ll go to bed,’ I interrupted again.
'I’ll inform you of its whole scope,’ he said.
'Jinks, you observe this confusion?’ ‘Certainly, Sir,’ replied Jinks.
'Just as a matter of form,’ she replied.
'Lady Catherine,' said she, 'you have given me a treasure.'
'Let me alone,’ sobbed Catherine.
'Let these wretches be removed.’ ‘Certainly, my dear'.
'Linton of the Grange,’ she replied.
'Linton should approve,’ returned my lady, decisively.
'Many conquests, sir?’ inquired Mr. Tupman.
'Mrs. Dean!’ she exclaimed.
'Nelly has played traitor,’ she exclaimed, passionately.
'No!’ he replied.
'No, almost nothing — very much excited, and wild, and glad!’ she replied.
'No,’ she said, looking slowly round.
'Not at all,’ replied Bob, with extreme civility.
'Not even my friends here — except on one occasion,’ said Mr. Tupman.
'Not safe?’ said Mr. Tupman, in a tone of great alarm.
'Now I'll make the eyes,' said the farmer.
'Permit me, Sir, to shake it,’ said the grave man.
'Pray, come up,’ said the stout gentleman.
'Separated!’ she exclaimed, with an accent of indignation.
'Shall I repeat it?’ ‘If you please,’ he said.
'Sit down.’ ‘Thank’ee, sir,’ said Sam.
'Smithie and Mrs. Smithie’ was the next announcement.
'The gipsy — the ploughboy?’ he cried.
'There he is,’ cried Heathcliff, sinking back into his seat.
'They aren't straight,' answered the other.
'To our friends at Dingley Dell.’ The toast was drunk with loud acclamations.
'Tupman!’ exclaimed Rachael, blushing as red as the watering-can itself.
'Tupman, rise,’ said Rachael.
'We’ll soon see about that', he grinned.
'What a lovely, charming thing!’ he exclaimed.
'Where?’ inquired Mr. Tupman.
'Worse luck, poor lamb!’ said Mrs. Sanders.
'Would you have tears for him?’ said the doctor.
'Yon Heathcliff’s run off with her!’ gasped the girl.
'You are come, are you, Edgar Linton?’ she said, with angry animation.
'You have not heard of Heathcliff’s death, I see,’ she continued.
'You must not call him by those names, master,’ I said.
'You never had any,’ said Heathcliff.
'You see you have got into pretty company,’ I interposed.
'You won’t believe me, then?’ said Catherine.
'You’ve done with coming here,’ cried Catherine.
A Bank Holiday in Britain is like a public holiday in America
A Cancer tumor can be characterized as a benign or malignant growth.
A Christmas Carol.
A Counter-factual is something that would have happened if something else had happened.
A Dove is a type of bird.
A Field Programming Gate Array is a processor designed for machine learning.
A Man o’ War is an archaic ship of war.
A Merry Christmas to all!
A Pulmonary Embolism is dangerous.
A Stanley knife is a popular British utility knife
A Tensor Processing Unit is optimized for machine learning algorithms.
A baby has brains, but it doesn't know much.
A ballpoint pen is sometimes called a Biro, after its Hungarian inventor
A barrister is a type of lawyer, particularly one who argues cases in court
A bee buzzed around and landed on his nose.
A being must be intelligent, to replicate human intelligence.
A big canvas tent was the first thing to come within his vision.
A black asphalt surface absorbs heat and results in cities being hotter.
A blood clot is dangerous to humans.
A boy is born in Bethlehem.
A brain stroke can have devastating life changing consequences.
A breeze block is made from a type of concrete.
A building society provides mortgages, loans and other financial services
A bullet train is also known as a maglev.
A bunch of teenagers broke into the excavator last night and trashed the place.
A burst of laughter was his reward.
A bush chief had died a natural death.
A cafetiere is a very convenient device for making coffee
A capital fellow!
A car becomes twisted and mangled in a high speed crash.
A car has windows, lights, wheels... et cetera.
A car hire centre is a good place to rent a car
A car must be regularly serviced.
A catapult is not as dangerous as a crossbow
A cavity had formed in his tooth, a filling was needed.
A chartered accountant is authorised to certify financial statements
A chocolate wrapper keeps sweets fresh.
A class action was brought against the company.
A clear ten thousand per annum.
A clergyman like you must marry.
A coffin at Christmas!
A cold drought was felt in the room.
A combination of Canadian capital quickly organized and petitioned for the same privileges.
A combine harvester is a dream come true for farmers.
A commode is a movable toilet that is useful for the elderly.
A company that spends more than it potentially earns faces diminishing returns.
A connected city will gather data on public utilities and enhance efficiency.
A conspiracy to defeat the ends of justice, and murder its officers.
A crate must be safely secured to avoid damage during transport.
A crotchet, pronounced with the t, is equivalent to a quarter note
A cry of joy burst from Philip's lips.
A cry of “It is,” and great cheering.
A cyst had formed.
A dead man is of no use on a plantation.
A deposit of four hundred pounds is deductible from the final fee.
A detective knows how to connect the dots.
A diaper or nappy is an absorbent undergarment for babies
A dish cloth absorbs liquids well.
A duel in Ipswich!’ said the magistrate, perfectly aghast at the notion.
A fair bit of road, Turnbull, and not badly engineered.
A fake website or email is known as a spoof or phish attempt.
A film came over Tom Smart’s eyes.
A fine rainy mist lay on the sea like a thin fog.
A flash mob came to our town today.
A flying arrow passed between us.
A footballer is someone who plays Association Football, or soccer
A former mayor is giving a speech on Friday.
A fortnight is a period of fourteen days and nights
A fortnight's acquaintance is certainly very little.
A fresh wind had risen, and the occupant wanted to light a cigarette.
A fugitive from justice, eh?
A gentleman and a stranger!
A giddy lot Scudder’s friends cared for peace and reform.
A glass of wine; shall I get you one?
A gold watch-chain, and seals, depended from his fob.
A good conscience means better sleep.
A good landing is any landing you walk away from.
A good spy is trained to have a photographic memory.
A good subject to start!
A good way of demonstrating an analogy is through a story.
A grand review was to take place upon the lines.
A great deal more passed at the other table.
A great landing is one where the aircraft is reusable.
A greengrocer specialises in selling fruit and vegetables
A gritting lorry is used to grit the roads when frost is expected overnight
A gymnast moves around flexibly.
A half a case of tobacco was worth three pounds.
A hallmark of talented engineers is their attitude to learning things out of curiosity.
A happy party they were, that night.
A healthy work life balance makes you more productive.
A highway is commonly referred to as motorway in England.
A horde of angry toddlers is the scariest thing I can imagine.
A house is built one block at a time.
A human worker augmented with Artificial Intelligence can outperform a machine.
A humanitarian espouses love for humanity.
A hundred miles away.
A hurricane is also known as a twister in some countries.
A key competency of this role is communicating with customers.
A kitchen feels empty without any appliances.
A labouring man opened it.
A ladybird is a type of red and black flying insect
A ladybird is sometimes known as a ladybug
A lament and a celebration.
A lean startup has the capability of taking on large experienced brands.
A library is more than just a room full of books
A lion is a predatory animal.
A little before dawn of the day following, the fire relief came.
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly brown hair!
A little fainter.
A little soft about a mile off, and the edges want cleaning.
A little treatment, massage, with some help from the doctor.
A lively imagination soon settled it all.
A living will, leaves little room for dispute.
A machine learning model will need to be retrained to avoid decay.
A maddening joy pounded in his brain.
A meal presented well is most memorable.
A message delivered with great skill.
A mimim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note.
A moment before he was intoxicated by a joy that was almost madness.
A monster, and not a human being!
A month in Australia would finish me.
A month passed by, and Bonanza Creek remained quiet.
A month’s notice terminates my tenancy.
A new Chief Justice will need to be appointed.
A new preacher and a new doctrine come to Jerusalem.
A nod was the answer.
A number of the people who took part could easily point to the problem
A paraffin lamp is very useful if you're intending to go camping
A parent is a nurturer of positive energy.
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer specialising in intellectual property
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer who specialises in patent law
A person is innocent unless they are proven guilty.
A person may be proud without being vain.
A person who listens before he speaks, makes them wise.
A person who lives to one hundred is called a centenary or centennial.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A police officer will not abandon his responsibilities to protect and serve.
A positive labour of Hercules, I assure you!
A precious seedy-looking customer.
A prenuptial agreement was signed.
A priest and nun walked past us earlier.
A professional babysitter is often known as a childminder
A professional man, too!
A profound silence, quite contrary to his expectation, followed.
A question or two would put them on the track.
A rallying cry against shortsighted governments.
A rapper creates rap music.
A rattling noise at a little distance attracted their attention.
A re-tweet does not equals endorsement.
A rising tide of fat had submerged them.
A roar of applause that rent the air.
A sailing boat is much more challenging than a rowing boat
A scarlet loincloth completed his costume.
A school environment is conducive to learning.
A second roar.
A semibrieve is a musical note having a duration equivalent to a whole note
A shadow was creeping over Pierre's eyes.
A sinewy hand, dripping with water, was clutching the rail.
A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year.
A sister’s happiness against her husband’s gold.
A skipping rope is a very popular toy
A small body of electors remained unpolled on the very last day.
A small part of Derbyshire is all the present concern.
A smart car should send out an automatic distress call after a car accident.
A smile flickered over his drawn face.
A solar flare is due within the hour.
A storm in a teacup
A strange fire burned in his eyes when Thorpe turned.
A strange thing then happened.
A strange voice, too!
A sudden impulse seized me to visit the Grange.
A sudden sense of relief flowed from my heart through every limb.
A swarm of insects surround it.
A sweater is known as a jumper in England.
A thing begun is half done.
A thistle may be pretty but will prick you if you get too close.
A thousand smiths’ hammers are beating in my head!
A three-piece suit consists of jacket, waistcoat and trousers
A time before recorded history.
A tiny gnome suddenly appeared.
A trickle of fresh blood ran over his face.
A truck is known as a lorry in England.
A twiglet is a small twig.
A two story dwelling, on a brick foundation.
A vain idea!
A valance is the same thing as a pelmet
A very brief conversation ensued.
A very pleasant routine, with perhaps a slight tinge of sameness.
A white asphalt surface creates less greenhouse gases.
A white blood cell helps the body heal and fight diseases.
A wildly exciting time was his during the week preceding Thursday the eighteenth.
A windscreen is easily chipped, but can be repaired if it's small.
A wise man said, walk a mile in my shows.
A work in which copyright has expired is in the public domain
A yard from the reeds just above that stick.
A zimmer-frame can help support elderly people walk.
A-I does not guarantee a dystopia or utopia.
Abdul is a hard working entrepreneur from a humble background.
Abide with me.
About eight next morning I witnessed the arrival of two constables and a sergeant.
About him, everywhere, were the evidences of luxury and of age.
About one in the morning the coastguard man arrived.
About six, she estimated.
Abraham is a prophet of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic faiths.
Absolutely loved the Morris dancers!
Academic journals are more publicly accessible if they are published open access.
Academic research requires less anecdotal viewpoints and more facts.
Academics wish for their work to be recognized and attributed.
Accept a father's blessing, and with it, this.
Accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me.
Accepteriez-vous de tuer un homme pour la somme de cinquante mille euros
Accepteriez-vous de tuer un homme, un inconnu toujours ?
Accessibility technology benefits healthy people, where we are temporarily disabled.
According to him, no.
According to the label, Heinz has fifty-seven varieties
According to the nursery rhyme, Thursday's Child has far to go
According to the poet, April is the cruellest month
According to the timetable, the group leaders had programmed a very full day.
Accountability must be baked into the design of automated systems.
Accountancy is the name of the profession for accountants
Acknowledging our manifold sins and wickednesses.
Across the meadow.
Across the pond.
Actually, I don't enjoy cooking.
Add four grams of butter to the self raising flour.
Add some Cilantro.
Add some coriander.
Addiction to cigarettes can be beaten with help.
Additionally you will need to spend one hour per day revising these topics.
Adieu to disappointment and spleen.
Adolescence is a period teenagers transition into adulthood.
Adrian knows how to drive.
Adriana spoke Portuguese fluently.
Adults often reminisce about their teenage years.
Adversarial machine learning algorithms compete against each other to improve themselves.
Advertise with us!
Aeon's passed, much knowledge was lost.
Aerosol sprays have harmful gases for the atmosphere.
Aerospace engineering enables safer flights for all of us.
Affectation of candour is common enough — one meets with it everywhere.
After a cool April this year, May turned out to be surprisingly warm
After a couple of hours I began to think of food.
After a heavy night, she slept in.
After a history of a declining economy we are seeing growth.
After a lifetime of walking on the land, our final destination is underneath it.
After a long day at work, we need to live a little.
After a long day out, they went home.
After a pause, Alice began, ‘Well!’
After a short silence, the lady first spoke.
After a slight preparation for good news, the letter was read aloud.
After a time the ladder was finished.
After a trial-and-error experimentation, he derived the perfect solution.
After all superfluous flesh is gone what is left is stringy and resistant.
After all, it is preferable to be hated than loved by him.
After all, it was simply a mistake in judgment.
After all, she was a sweet little girl.
After all, the picture was only a resemblance.
After buying those shoes I ended up with an overdraft
After careful consideration I have decided to give you the managerial role.
After careful deliberation, the office will be moved closer to the University.
After enjoying the movie, he read the book.
After feeding the pigs, she has to feed the chickens.
After graduating from college, she became a world champion.
After he was ripped off, he demanded a refund.
After her knee operation, she needed physiotherapy
After his retirement, Poirot grew vegetable marrows.
After many years of failed promises, investors began to feel disillusionment.
After much hardship, the asylum seekers were granted refugee status.
After pilates, I’m off to get some cake.
After sleep mode, my laptop won't awaken.
After that I did not look back; I had no time.
After that I sat down to think.
After that I took a taxi and drove miles away up into North London.
After that for a minute there was utter silence.
After the accident, they took his driving license away.
After the alley, turn right.
After this little bit of philosophy there was another pause.
After this period every appearance of acquaintance was dropped.
After this, Alice was silent for a minute or two, pondering.
After this, they went home.
After three years at boarding school I became homesick.
After wakening, he rose early.
After watching the film, he decided to read the book.
After we slept.
After which, he walked home, whistling.
Afterwards I found out how it managed it.
Again I had to describe every detail of his appearance.
Again he had done the big thing.
Again the girls applauded, and Mrs Hall cried.
Again the sleek one spoke in German.
Again was the fire replenished, and again went the wassail round.
Agile developers have mastered the art of building a minimum viable product.
Agility is an important attribute of cats.
Aging is natural, but how we age depends on how we treat ourselves.
Agitation never accomplished anything.
Ah ! je note donc oui, j’ajoute que vous le feriez avec un katana ?
Ah, I had forgotten, he exclaimed.
Ah, I see, some dust on the road — they are coming!
Ah, he has caught a glimpse of us — he is coming in!
Ah, he was in such a fury!
Ah, indeed.
Ah, it is growing dark and darker.
Ah, it was sweet in my ears.
Ah, papa, you started!
Ah, plus intéressant à présent, est-ce que vous accepteriez de vous prostituer
Ah, so am I.
Ah, we were very close together in that moment.
Ahead of them they saw a glimmer of sunshine.
Ahmed was never dishonest.
Air pollution can aggravate conditions like Asthma.
Alas for human nature!
Alas, cultural differences meant they could not be together.
Alas, for the effects of bad tea and bad temper!
Alec acknowledges that he is a complete nerd.
Alex spends a lot of time at the British Library, looking through the catalogue.
Algebra is a foundation of Machine Learning.
Algorithmic accountability is a topic to be addressed in two thousand and nineteen.
Ali was wearing a bow tie.
Alice almost stamped with irritation at the slow drawl in which he spoke.
Alice and Bob were most hospitable
Alice could only look puzzled: she was thinking of the pudding.
Alice couldn’t say honestly that he was.
Alice did so.
Alice didn’t want to begin another argument, so she said nothing.
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled.
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.
Alice felt there was no denying that.
Alice flagged the emails she wanted to come back to later
Alice gave a little scream of laughter.
Alice in Wonderland is a well-known book for children by Lewis Carroll
Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice looked at it with great curiosity.
Alice looked from one to the other in some bewilderment.
Alice ran a little way into the wood, and stopped under a large tree.
Alice ran to the side of the ditch to look for him.
Alice rubbed her eyes, and looked again.
Alice shook her head.
Alice sighed wearily.
Alice thought she saw a way out of the difficulty this time.
Alice took a piece to taste, but it was very dry.
Alice turned round, ready to find fault with anybody.
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.
Alice was glad to see that it revived him a good deal.
Alice was silent.
Alice was sorry for this, as she wanted to hear the news too.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled.
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
Alice—Alice—I won’t forget it again.
Alice’s right foot, Esq.
Alkaline batteries are recyclable.
All an appearance can know is mirage.
All applications to be made to the committee.
All bets are off folks.
All connection between us seemed now dissolved.
All expectation from the brother was now absolutely over.
All eyes, however, were staring at him in certitude of expectancy.
All field sports were over.
All good things come to an end.
All he is taking is snuff — in large pinches.
All in due time.
All job applications must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae
All machine learning algorithms should comply with international human rights regulations.
All mathematicians know that Pi is approximately three point one four
All of them had green glasses in them.
All operations have been carried on from Montreal and Toronto.
All parents are expected to come to the school sports day
All right, Sir, replied Jock with great regret.
All rights reserved.
All seems smooth and easy: where is the obstacle?
All submitted assignments will be checked for for plagiarism.
All systems are online.
All that long blistering afternoon I lay baking on the rooftop.
All the best
All the best.
All the children wanted to stroke the silky pink unicorn
All the cogs in a machine compliment each other.
All the folks, young and old, knew him well by sight.
All the juniors were summoned.
All the party looked out across the moor where the white road departed.
All the same I was not comfortable.
All the while my restlessness was growing worse.
All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes.
All things bright and beautiful.
All this day Gregson remained in the cabin.
All this talk is making me hungry, shall we go out for lunch?
All this was very snug and pleasant.
All those against, say Nay.
All those in favour, say Aye.
All transactions have been accounted for.
All was joy and kindness.
All women like finery — extraordinary the effect of those parasols.
All you need is confidence in yourself.
All you’ve got to do is to stay here till I come back.
All, all is against me: she has blighted my single consolation.
All’s shut up at the Grange.
Almost as proud as I am of mine.
Alors, est-ce que vous payez dans ce cas ?
Already he had begun borrowing from the banks.
Also a fellow Senator, Chauncey Depew, said.
Also it took a load off my mind.
Also my servants came presently with rifles.
Also my shoulder was in a bad way.
Also when we met last year, I forgot to return your pen.
Also, I want information.
Also, at regular intervals, he would mutter.
Also, churches and preachers I had never known.
Also, she has forbidden them smoking their pipes in the after-room.
Also, she wouldn't walk.
Also, there was awe in their faces.
Although an infant barrister, he was a full-grown man.
Although she didn't have much skill, she was determined to learn the violin.
Although she taught English, she had no idea how to spell desiccated.
Although the main road is closed, it will be business as usual.
Although we provide advice on the topic, we have no affiliation with the company.
Altogether I fancy I was rather a success.
Altogether I was no spectacle for God-fearing citizens to see on a highroad.
Always keep household detergents out of children's reach.
Always lay the blame on others!’
Always put your best foot forward.
Always read the abstract of a research paper first.
Alzheimer's Research is a United Kingdom charity.
Alzheimer's is a disease of the elderly.
Alzheimer's is a disease that can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease is usually experienced by the elderly.
Am I eligible for a buy to let mortgage?
Am I loud enough, or do I need a loudhailer?
Am I nothing to you any more?
Am I really wonderful? asked the Scarecrow.
Am I the only one that finds canned laughter unfunny?
Am I to lose all, without a chance of retrieval?
Am feeling delicate today.
Am feeling freezing cold and achy.
Amazing Grace.
Ambient sounds make relaxing environments.
Amen to that.
American estrogen is British oestrogen.
Americans say aluminum, Brits aluminium
Americans say gasoline and the British say petrol.
Among my minor afflictions, I may mention a new and mysterious one.
An Angiogram determined the patient needed two stents to be fitted.
An Artic lorry has toppled over ahead this.
An L-G-V is a light goods vehicle.
An abominable restlessness had taken possession of me.
An adult has the freedom to travel around.
An aerofoil provides lift
An afterthought brought me back, when I had quitted the court.
An alias is useful for maintaining privacy online.
An altruistic act is an act performed for the welfare of others.
An anaconda is the largest type of snake in the world.
An apple a day, keeps the doctor away.
An apple a day, will keep the doctor away.
An articulated lorry is capped at sixty miles-per-hour.
An assembly of people gathered outside to meet the celebrities.
An astonishing number of men always are getting disappointed there.
An aubergine is exactly the same thing as an eggplant
An electrician knows how to solder.
An error has been encountered.
An essential element in criminal culpability is mens rea.
An exclamation at the end of a sentence can express excitement or alarm.
An exo-skeleton enables paralyzed people to regain mobility.
An ice skate blade is sharp.
An idiom describes something figuratively.
An improvement in commerce can help a community flourish.
An indefinite alteration had come over his whole person and manner.
An innocent person has the right to refute.
An interesting article about a dyslexic photographer.
An invisible pink unicorn.
An official statement was released yesterday.
An old bicycle was found in a tool-shed and handed over to me.
An old gray-headed man tottered forward to slake his burning thirst.
An old man entered the porch just as he reached it.
An old professor with a gray beard bought him.
An open platform for discussion enables wider perspectives to influence decisions better.
An ounce of protection is worth a pound of cure.
An uncomfortable sort of age.
An unidentified error was encountered.
An untreated condition could become chronic.
An unusual sensation on the opposite side of my stomach.
An unwelcome infant it was, poor thing!
Analysts are seeing fragmentation in the market.
Ancient civilisations could be very sophisticated
And Hareton has been cast out like an unfledged dunnock!
And I do so wish it was true!
And I dying!
And I exclaimed — ‘Have you heard any good news, Mr. Heathcliff?
And I haven’t sent the two messengers, either.
And I hope you've got plenty of chain out, Captain Young.
And I’ll tell you a secret—I can read words of one letter!
And MacDougall was beyond the trail, with three weeks to spare.
And Mr. Pickwick and Sam entered accordingly.
And Queen Ermintrude was asleep.
And Raoul listened again to the tale of the house.
And Tom King patiently endured.
And actually here’s a little brook!
And after the bath a shave would not be bad.
And afterwards she furnished me with the sequel of Heathcliff’s history.
And all the animals cried out in surprise.
And aren't you?
And as in denial of guilt, the one-legged boy replied.
And as never before, he was ready to obey.
And as the reflection darted across my mind I saw a slender chance.
And as we hurried up town, Joe Goose explained.
And at last they looked at Dorothy again.
And back to Kansas? she asked, eagerly.
And behave like a gentleman, mind!
And besides, Edgar has not been kind, has he?
And besides, I’m almost seventeen: I’m a woman.
And besides, only one half of him slept at a time.
And besides, they’re not dirty.
And can all the flowers talk?
And congratulating yourself on being up so soon?
And curtsey while you’re thinking what to—what to purr.
And don’t keep your mouth so wide open!
And don’t remind me of your existence again.
And down he went.
And downstairs she was led accordingly, accompanied by her affectionate son.
And dreary, and chill, and dismal, that morrow did creep over!
And each year something happened, and I did not go.
And for this we are to be thankful.
And grief and disappointment are hastening his death.
And hark you, Heathcliff!
And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
And he did hurt my arm.
And he had earthly consolation and affections also.
And he meant it too.
And he thought of Oona, and of her words.
And he was filled with a strange and foreboding fear.
And help your own naughty pet and mine.
And here she sobbed too.
And here's another idea.
And his answering immediately to the last question.
And his behaviour, so strikingly altered — what could it mean?
And his eyes had been horribly intelligent.
And his sisters are charming women.
And how are you transplanted here, Mrs. Dean?
And how are you, sir to Mr. Winkle?
And how fast it comes!
And how long were you in the hole?
And how odd the directions will look!
And how quiet the horses are!
And how would we ever find ourselves.
And if not, is he a devil?
And in they went.
And invent bugbear stories to terrify her from my door?
And it really was a kitten, after all.
And it stirred.
And it was here that the Barbary pirates lived.
And just send those books I promised to lend him?
And listen: you can make a lot of money doctoring animals.
And many had died.
And many of the tales that Chee-Chee told were very interesting.
And no snuff — plenty of pipes and cigarettes, and a few cigars.
And now behold the perversity of things.
And now help me on.
And now put yourself in my place for a moment.
And now very soon the monkeys began to get better.
And now you’d better go!
And now, down there, Eileen was waiting for him.
And now, guess what your good children were doing?
And now, let us hear what you are unhappy about.
And now, who am I?
And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds!
And oh, this dearth of the human physiognomy!
And on Jip’s face there was a worried look.
And one of them seemed quite poorly.
And only one for birthday presents, you know.
And poor Mr. Darcy!
And pray what sort of guardians do you make?
And presently he came back with all the things they wanted.
And presently the Doctor saw the island they had spoken of.
And right there I saw and knew it all.
And round went the poker again, more fiercely than before.
And she handed the basket to the Scarecrow.
And she helped the Woodman up again.
And she let you go again? asked the man, in wonder.
And she read your book to me.
And she was only sixteen last June.
And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you can’t think!
And small loss to his family whenever he drops off.
And so did Mrs. Forster.
And so early in the voyage, too.
And so extremely accomplished for her age!
And so would Anne, if her health had allowed her to apply.
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you?
And so, to do him justice, he did.
And thank you very much for asking,’ said Tweedledum.
And thank you very much for coming to tell me.
And that insipid, paltry creature attending her from duty and humanity!
And that is the slavering, shivering thing you preferred to me!
And that was the last of Francois and Perrault.
And that wind sounding in the firs by the lattice.
And that’s something.
And the Edinburgh Evening News says, with editorial gloom.
And the Eurasian Chinese-Englishman bowed himself away.
And the Lion answered, "I am a Cowardly Lion, afraid of everything".
And the Lion would answer, "No".
And the Queen seemed to guess her thoughts, for she cried, ‘Faster!’
And the air was growing chilly.
And the animals all stopped saying Good-by and listened.
And the best of it is, Hareton is damnably fond of me!
And the best of it was that they did not even know my name.
And the big Persian knew of his existence before he did of hers.
And the foundation stone of service, in his case, was obedience.
And the money he had saved up grew littler and littler.
And the other thing is a mouse-trap.
And the wind was soft and warm and wet.
And the wind’s all lovely and wet.
And their chief virtue lies in that they will never wear out.
And then I think I became unconscious.
And then they both looked at him.
And then we were so merry all the way home!
And then when we came away it was such fun!
And then, steadily, he began to chew.
And there are plenty of vegetables left in the garden.
And there was Ethel Baird, whom also you must remember.
And there was a dog that barked.
And there's no chivalry, no quarter shown in this fight.
And they all gathered round to have a look.
And they both set up a heart-breaking cry.
And they shook hands heartily.
And they stared so!
And this extraordinary man took up his pen again.
And this was the first passage of Mr. Weller’s first love.
And this was their sole conversation throughout the meal.
And this was what prevented him.
And those are only a few of the easy smells — the strong ones.
And through and through the vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
And to be kept back on such a motive!
And to see dear Wickham too!
And twenty men could hold it with spears and arrows.
And watch out for wet feet, was his parting advice.
And we have been told that Oz is a good Wizard.
And what became of them? asked Dorothy.
And what did I do?
And what does this allusion to the slow coach mean?
And what sort of table do they keep?
And what sort of young lady is she?
And what was it that had suggested the tremendous tumult?
And what was the young man’s reward?
And whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life
And when they came back it was almost night.
And when you come back in a few days, bring Eileen.
And where are you going?
And where have my shoulders got to?
And where is Phoenix?
And where were they all now?
And wherever I ranged, the way lay along alcohol-drenched roads.
And whether or not it is clear to you
And who are you calling Richard Hannay?
And why couldn’t you say that at once?
And why is that? asked the Scarecrow.
And why should you try to deceive me by telling a tale?
And with a violent effort he tore himself away.
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
And yet I cannot continue in this condition!
And yet if she came he had no words to say.
And yet not quite, as you shall hear.
And yet, cruel Heathcliff!
And you always want to see it in the superlative degree.
And you are Heathcliff!
And you are?
And you conspire with him against me, do you, viper?
And you could do it so easily.
And you dynamited his hermitage, after he had saved you from the police.
And you join him against her.
And you may come with me.
And you only the second.
And you preferred a cannibal isle and a cartridge belt.
And you should be glad to go home, and to see him.
And you were kidnapped by wicked sailors and brought to England.
And you will have such nice rambles on the moors.
And you won’t.
And your master, young man!
And you’d have deserved it, you little mischievous darling!
And you’ve been along with me, Kitty—all through the Looking-Glass world.
And — ah, see how it flows down my neck now!
And “twenty-one” where the cliffs grew lower.
And, above all, keep Mr. Bennet from fighting.
And, if you do, what is it about?
And, so far as they knew, they were quite right.
And, to begin my kindness, Joseph, bring the lad some breakfast.
Andhow funny and grim!
Andrew curled up in the box.
Andrew has not been frank about this.
Andrew resented the implication deeply.
Andrew told me that he disliked Marmite.
Android is the most used mobile operating system.
Angels from the realms of glory.
Animals are losing their natural habitat due to deforestation.
Animals don’t seem to want to work any more.
Animation keeps children entertained for hours.
Anime is just as popular in the west, not only in Japan.
Aniseed balls are one of my favourite sweets
Another cheer, far more vehement.
Another cheer, much louder.
Another instant and the house would be alarmed.
Another morning arrived, and she came alone.
Another word for for hawthorn is may.
Another word for zucchini is courgette
Answerphone is a common British term for a telephone answering machine
Antarctica is cold at this time of year.
Anthony was in class seven Y.
Anti-biotics have saved countless lives since inception, resistance must be avoided.
Antibiotics help fight bacteria.
Any average young fellow can teach himself in a week.
Any mongrel could smell those with a cold in the head.
Any relation of old Tommy of the Sixtieth?
Any relic of the dead is precious, if they were valued living.
Anyhow there were trees there, and that meant cover.
Anyone for fruity chicken curry?
Anyone know Marjorie?
Anyone know how to make onion gravy?
Anyone who has just had a perm shouldn't get their hair wet.
Anything I can help you with?
Anything more about our friends in Freeman’s Court?
Anything unusual or abnormal was sufficient to send a fellow to Molokai.
Anyway, no one saw her like that.
Apakah masakan Jepang pedas.
Apparently taking up another subject, she recommenced in a short time.
Apparently, he was an Indian freedom fighter.
Apparently, she finds ironing very relaxing.
Apple is an American company.
Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook are often described as tech giants.
Apricot is healthy.
April is tax season in the United States.
Arabella applied her handkerchief to her eyes.
Arabella inclined her head.
Archivists have been arguing for copyright reform for years.
Are all these other animals your pets, too?
Are kids these days really awkward or is that just made up?
Are the main galleries any good?
Are there any dedicated cycle tracks in your community?
Are there any externalities of building a house extension?
Are there any other lions in this forest?
Are there any rooms to lodge me in, I wonder?
Are these suggestions acceptable?
Are they at home?
Are they red, any of them?
Are they selling faggots as well as sausages?
Are we building a generation of web addicts?
Are we collecting comprehensive user feedback?
Are we doing enough for sex workers?
Are we going to meet up at the weekend?
Are we going to murder folk on our very door-stones?
Are we going to tomorrow's recital at the town hall?
Are we heading to a future where a worker is merely a statistic?
Are you a Munchkin?
Are you a Quaker?
Are you able to accept Paypal?
Are you acquainted with my friends?
Are you an adult?
Are you as soft as your brother?
Are you back again? he asked, in surprise.
Are you certain that circle is centered?
Are you coming or not?
Are you concerned about your health?
Are you cooking?
Are you employed?
Are you expecting to come in?
Are you going to that conference about Deep Learning?
Are you going upstairs?
Are you going? they asked, in surprise.
Are you gonna join us in the campus?
Are you having a laugh?
Are you hibernating?
Are you ignoring me?
Are you interested in low-cost shares?
Are you into graphs?
Are you looking for employment?
Are you not a great Wizard?
Are you not going to make them your slaves?
Are you on the mailing list?
Are you registered to vote?
Are you selling those paintings?
Are you speaking the truth about him now?
Are you starting or stopping?
Are you sure he has the required expertise to run this project?
Are you sure that Oz will see you?
Are you sure you hate me?
Are you sure you're not overspending?
Are you there?
Are you truly stronger, Linton, than when we separated in winter?
Are you using a hair straightener?
Aren't they beautiful?
Argentina once dominated in football.
Arguments are too much like disputes.
Arrogance does not make a respectable man.
Arthur is the employee of the month.
Artificial Intelligence can be designed to be beneficial for humanity.
Artificial Intelligence can be used for social good.
Artificial Intelligence can empower human workers.
Artificial Intelligence models will need to be explainable.
Artificially Intelligent Systems are already in use today.
As I say, he had tapped the message very rapidly.
As I went I breakfasted on the dusty remnants of the ginger biscuits.
As a collaborative effort.
As a prize for coming last, he was awarded the wooden spoon.
As a young child she was able to sing even before she could speak
As an individual.
As far as possible, without surrender, be on good terms with all persons.
As far out to sea as you can.
As for himself, weren't the street railway earnings increasing steadily.
As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they could!
As he did so, the man very hastily drew back.
As he greeted them, Mr. Magnus tripped into the room.
As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous abhorrence.
As if I would talk on such a subject!
As if you ever saw anybody!
As it turns out, the wedding is not today.
As it was, however, it had no visible effect on him whatever.
As it was, they looked incuriously on.
As long as she stays there, it is all very well.
As she kissed me, her lips felt like ice.
As soon as they looked over the wall.
As the door opened I could hear the sound of low voices.
As the handcuffs clinked on his wrists I said my last word to him.
As the loafer passed he looked up, and I fancied a signal was exchanged.
As the story goes, she went out to rescue them.
As to how she dressed, he had no ideas at all.
As we moved away from that station my companion woke up.
As we've missed the deadline, I think we should postpone the meeting.
As you were!
As you wish.
Asia is pioneering online action to offline services.
Asia is the largest continent on our planet earth.
Ask him, Ellen.
Ask him, I laughed, then turned to Pasquini.
Ask if she needs a sticking plaster for that graze.
Ask them.
Asked the Witch, in a wailing, despairing voice.
Asprin used to be a popular painkiller
Assembly line workers assemble products moving on a conveyor belt.
Assistance is impossible; condolence insufferable.
Astonishment, apprehension, and even horror, oppressed her.
Astroturf is used as outdoor flooring in play grounds.
At Lake Linderman I had one canoe, very good Peterborough canoe.
At Muggleton they procured a conveyance to Rochester.
At any other time, Mr. Winkle would have replied in the affirmative.
At dusk he went into his chamber.
At first I thought it was my rheumatism coming back.
At first I thought there was nobody in the street.
At first he did not recognise me.
At first he puzzled over something untoward he was sure had happened.
At first his progress was slow and erratic.
At first the young man appeared about to befriend me.
At first we were apprehensive, but later we opened up.
At his side was a large green box.
At it they went, tooth and nail.
At last Jip let out a great bark and sat down.
At last he thought of the closet, and walked up to it.
At last it said to the Mock Turtle, ‘Drive on, old fellow!’
At last the Red Queen began.
At least ninety percent of the students disagreed with the professor’s outrageous statement
At least we can do that much.
At least, I would not keep my doors barred in the day-time.
At length he summoned Hareton from his seat.
At length her suspense was ended: the travelling carriage rolled in sight.
At length she spoke again.
At length the Parsonage was discernible.
At length they arrived at the large stone.
At length, however, our kind friend procured the wished-for direction.
At length, however, she sat up and looked about her.
At once would be instituted a dozen cooperative commonwealth states.
At present I have not room to do them justice.
At present I will say nothing about it.
At present we have nothing to guide us.
At present, convey yourself and him away.
At risk of sounding ignorant, may I ask why?
At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable.
At that earnest appeal he turned to her, looking absolutely desperate.
At that he laughed uproariously.
At that moment I got the impression that she was willowy.
At the best, they were necessary accessories.
At the end of four, I shall say good-bye.
At the moment the clock of a neighbouring church struck the hour of seven.
At the same time spears and arrows began to fall among the invaders.
At the top of the chimney stack, you can see the chimney pot
At this diabolical violence I rushed on him furiously.
At this humorous feat he laughed outright.
At this martial arts dojo we teach discipline and humility.
At this moment I felt a stir at my shoulder.
At this moment, the bell rang.
At times I wondered where Sir Archibald got his style.
At times of austerity, it's necessary to tighten our belts.
At times of austerity, municipalities often make cutbacks.
At times of job scarcity, it's a good time to become an entrepreneur..
At your leisure.
Atrophy can set in quickly.
Attendance, forbearance, patience with Darcy, was injury to Wickham.
Augmenting technology like assistive mixed reality glasses can prompt wearers what to do.
August has no such advantage.
Aunt Em dropped her work and came to the door.
Aunt Em was washing the dishes.
Australia has a diverse range of animals.
Author of the danger trail, Philip Steels, etc.
Automation will disrupt the way we work as we know it today.
Automation will disrupt the work as we know it.
Autumn equinox tends to fall around the twenty-second of September.
Avicenna was a famous physician who wrote the Book of Healing.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons; they are vexatious to the spirit.
Away after them!
Away in a Manger.
Away they went.
Ay, there was a man in a motor-car.
Aye, in good time.
Baby Hannah made a mess of her bib.
Back-propagation is a machine learning technique.
Bacteria can be seen using a microscope.
Bad data can cause inaccuracies in machine learning algorithms.
Bad plans are prone to failure.
Baidu is like the Google of China.
Baked chicken nuggets, with ice cream.
Baking soda is good at absorbing bad smells in the fridge.
Banana and raisin loaf.
Banana is full of potassium.
Barristers and solicitors are types of lawyer
Bassett was a fastidious man.
Battle Royale is a popular gamemode among preteens.
Bayesian statistics will help you if you do any kind of data analytics.
Bayesian theorem is worth learning if you're studying algorithms.
Be a good lad; and I’ll do for you.
Be an animal-doctor.
Be careful of bitcoin Ponzi schemes.
Be careful of black ice!
Be careful to avoid all the pitfalls.
Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.
Be pleasant to him.
Be pleasant, till the ship sinks under him.
Be quick, and say whether I was wrong!
Be quiet, sir!
Be skeptical of websites, check that the link matches the official website.
Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy.
Be so kind as to walk home with him, will you?
Be specific when talking to a voice assistant.
Be this as it may, a church bell struck two.
Be wary of the man that knows little, and doesn't know it.
Be with me always — take any form — drive me mad!
Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection.
Bea was dismayed by her dad’s decision.
Bear with me; I'll work it out in a moment.
Bear with me; it will all become clear.
Because I’m weak, my brain got confused, and I screamed unconsciously.
Because it’s very important.
Because you wear silver shoes and have killed the wicked witch.
Beethoven was a legendary composer.
Beetroot is one of my favourite vegetables
Before Philip could recover himself Jeanne's startled guards were upon him.
Before he dismounted, I went and opened the door.
Before you leave the page, make sure you click the save button
Begone, for God’s sake, and hide your vixen face!
Begone, you vagabond!
Behave yourself!
Behead that Dormouse!
Behind him lay the thousand-years-long road across all Siberia and Russia.
Believe her to be deceived, by all means.
Bella, Emily — a surgeon!
Below him the shadow was broken into a pool of rippling starlight.
Ben shook with fear when he spied the leopard.
Ben we call him, and so may you, if you like.
Beneath that black mud, bubbled the hot springs of Bath.
Benjamin Britten's most famous opera was The Turn of the Screw.
Benjamin is a Jew.
Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way?
Benny is enrolled in kindergarten.
Besides, Dorothy will need someone to protect her.
Besides, had he not whipped the big owl in the forest.
Besides, he says I have seen his son.
Besides, he was paid one case of tobacco per head.
Besides, on one or two points change is simply impossible.
Besides, that lass owes me her services for her bread.
Besides, that noise makes me deaf.
Besides, you’d never convince him.
Bespoke items usually cost more but do exactly what you need them to.
Best ever chocolate crepe recipe.
Best regards, Michael
Best regards.
Betsy Martin, widow, one child, and one eye.
Better luck next time!.
Between him and all domestic animals there must be no hostilities.
Between him and the beach was the cane-grass fence of the compound.
Between his father and Hareton, what playmates and instructors they’ll be.
Between ourselves, gentlemen, I rather think he did.
Between the rush of the cascades, streaks of rust showed everywhere.
Between the two eldest and herself especially, there subsisted a particular regard.
Beware of unchained dogs in public.
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
Beyond Earth, the planets are Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
Beyond dispute, Corry Hutchinson had married Mabel Holmes.
Beyond refusing to sell us food, they left us to ourselves.
Beyond the foliage.
Bias can impede fair judgment.
Bicarbonate soda is also known as baking soda, an ingredient of cake.
Bien, Sara. Allons-y. Avec votre accord je vais vous filmer.
Big tech companies are a custodian of our data.
Big tech companies are the data barons of the twenty first century.
Big tech companies are voracious data gatherers.
Bill and I are going to the Caribbean.
Bill lingered, contemplating his work with artistic appreciation.
Bill looked back to see Kate forming a T-shape with her hands.
Bill thought she was a little xenophobic.
Billinger may arrive in time.
Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill!
Bin garbage, don't flush it down a toilet.
Bingley was by no means deficient, but Darcy was clever.
Bingley was quite uncomfortable; his sisters declared that they were miserable.
Bingley was ready, Georgiana was eager, and Darcy determined, to be pleased.
Bingley was the principal spokesman, and Miss Bennet the principal object.
Bio-mechanical engineering skills can be used to design prosthetics for amputees.
Biotechnology is progressively advancing.
Biotechnology, or Biotech, is a very popular degree choice
Bland and bald-headed and hooded his eyes like a bird.
Bless my soul!
Bless you!.
Blind people can be aware of real world objects using technology.
Blind with rage, he darted in.
Blood vessels can atrophy in elderly patients.
Blood was oozing slowly from the wounded man's right breast.
Blue collar workers have contributed a lot to the economy through sheer hard work.
Boat small—trawler, yacht, or launch.
Bob allegedly drove without any car insurance.
Bob was practising his song, very badly.
Bob, growing disgusted, turned back suddenly and attempted to pass Mab.
Body language is a behavioral language that can be visually understood.
Bonjour monsieur.
Bonny bird; wheeling over our heads in the middle of the moor.
Both Johnny and his mother shuffled their feet as they walked.
Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red.
Both parties agree on the compromise.
Both parties were delayed very late.
Bottle of wine to the gentleman on the box.
Bowls is a popular sport for retired people
Boxing Day is not widely celebrated in the United States.
Boxing Day is the day after Christmas Day.
Brake fluid regularly needs to be monitored.
Bravery happens when you are scared, but you still decide to act.
Brazilian footballers have the best flair.
Bread and dripping.
Bread can go moldy when it becomes out of date.
Bread-and-butter, of course.
Break down a big job into small tasks to complete it fast.
Breakfast is announced.
Brembo makes parts for cars, notably braking systems.
Brethren, execute upon him the judgment written.
Brexiteers are a nickname given to people who support the Brexit referendum.
Brian hung on tightly as the car performed a U-turn at high speed.
Brian liked to recall the good old days.
Brick and mortar companies struggle to compete with online only companies.
Brick and mortar shops have been slow to adopt digital transformation.
Brightest and best.
Bring it here! Let me sup!
Bring the torch over here; we need more light
Bring them forward, lieutenant.
British full stop is American period.
British leukaemia is American leukemia.
British paediatric as American pediatric.
British paediatric is American pediatric.
British people sometimes use the word whilst, though it can seem old fashioned
Broadband is significantly faster than dial-up internet.
Broken-Tooth yelled with fright and pain.
Brother electors of the borough.
Brother-in-law of Wickham!
Brownies are quick and easy to make.
Building your house on sand is not recommended.
Burke himself had criticized it because of the smile.
Burnt out like the crater of a volcano.
Bus services in rural areas tend not to be very regular.
Business competition drives innovation and economic growth.
Business proposals are being considered.
Business, he said, required his immediate attendance.
Businesses can avoid churn by looking after staff and cultivating talents.
But Dorothy they did not harm at all.
But Georgiana would not join her.
But Hatta only munched away, and drank some more tea.
But I am a good witch, and the people love me.
But I am at his disposal.
But I am at the end of my resources.
But I am ready to take my oath that it is ordinary spy work.
But I begin to fancy you don’t like me.
But I can’t stay there long.
But I dare not hope it.
But I did not enjoy it long.
But I didn’t, and, in a flash, the air seemed to clear.
But I don’t mind admitting that I’m horribly nervous.
But I don’t think it will be necessary to eat them.
But I had done my best service, I think, before I put on khaki.
But I had the sense to see my danger.
But I have been vexed, because you wouldn’t come.
But I have other provocations.
But I keep the other mouth for eating — mostly.
But I knew I should persuade you at last.
But I knew not — I was afraid of doing too much.
But I know the foundation is unjust.
But I managed it somehow.
But I managed to stick it out and even to grin.
But I must tell you how it went off.
But I must write no more.
But I saw no hope in any face, and I felt none.
But I saw something else more interesting.
But I should like to start as soon as possible.
But I suppose you had no opportunity.
But I tell you he wouldn’t let me!
But I think he’s safe from her love.
But I was out of the game now.
But I was startled, and drew back.
But I was still feeling nervous.
But I was too late.
But I will not repine.
But I will not submit to it!
But I won’t complain to you!
But I’ll not believe this idiocy!
But Jane knows, as well as I do, what Wickham really is.
But Johannes could, and did.
But Linton and I have no share in your quarrel.
But Linton requires his whole stock of care and kindness for himself.
But Martin smiled a superior smile.
But Mrs. Bennet was not so well pleased with it.
But Sir Walter knows, and I’m working for him.
But a change came upon the view, almost imperceptibly.
But a strange thing happened.
But about three o’clock I had a sudden inspiration.
But all my dreams violated this law.
But already he had composed himself.
But at any rate I was more or less clad.
But before Alice could answer him, the drums began.
But breakfast is waiting, Mr. Magnus.
But cheer up!
But couldn't you be mended? asked the girl.
But disguise of every sort is my abhorrence.
But do not be cast down.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
But do not imagine that he is always here so often.
But do you like her?
But do you really think so?
But does not Jane correspond with his sister?
But enough of this.
But ever his gaze returned to that Crouched Venus on the piano.
But everything’s curious today.
But first you must put on the spectacles.
But first — get up, Linton!
But from the first I was disappointed with it.
But get out I must.
But go — make haste!
But gracious me!
But he couldn’t do it.
But he cuts no ice.
But he did not broach it, preferring to mature it carefully.
But he did not yet go home to Puddleby.
But he didn’t know it.
But he didn’t stay.
But he found Lydia absolutely resolved on remaining where she was.
But he got over all right; and so did all of them.
But he had sense to postpone complaining: there might be compensation within.
But he hasn’t even fresh water to drink.
But he is an ugly fellow!
But he no longer cared quite so much for that form of diversion.
But he reconciled himself to it by an act of faith.
But he restrained himself again — he did not pulverise him.
But he shall answer for it.
But he was not suffered to remain there in peace.
But he was too good to be thoroughly unhappy long.
But he was too late.
But here amongst ourselves let us speak out.
But how about my courage? asked the Lion, anxiously.
But how about the voice?
But how are you going to do it.
But how can I help it?
But how curiously it twists!
But if Pierre did not return, until tomorrow.
But in the canyons water was plentiful and also a luxuriant forest growth.
But is it a kind heart?
But is it certain — absolutely certain?
But isn't everything here green?
But it contributed to the smash.
But it didn’t do to begin thinking about the possibilities.
But it is always so.
But it makes them more fun!
But it takes a dog to find a man, you know.
But it was a chance, the only possible chance.
But it was no use.
But it won't continue, she said with easy confidence.
But it won’t do.
But just at that moment the match went out again.
But last summer he was again most painfully obtruded on my notice.
But leave me, and I shall be killed!
But let this not blind you to what virtue there is
But let us go on.
But life's worth more than cash, she argued.
But my friends haven’t played their last card by a long sight.
But never mind!
But no person could command these strange creatures more than three times.
But no snuff.
But no such recollection befriended her.
But no — perhaps I’m better off the way I am.
But none of them are any good at all.
But not a single bee has come near it yet.
But not now.
But now I had a better idea.
But now it was all too natural.
But now, I’m glad you did not try.
But nowhere on it could a man be seen.
But of course you have others.
But on the first day of June he is coming to this city.
But on the third day I could see he was beginning to get restless.
But only the echo came back from the rock.
But our visitor was very obstinate.
But self, though it would intrude, could not engross her.
But she had become an automaton.
But she is nothing to me now.
But she is too much like her brother — very, very proud.
But she swung obediently on her heel into the wind.
But she uttered falsehoods, didn’t she?
But she’s a real little fool.
But slyness seems the fashion.
But so long as the Witch lives you must remain a coward.
But so they always are.
But so we all do.
But some caution is necessary.
But somehow the law had got after me.
But still he would be her husband.
But such divergence of opinion would constitute no menace to society.
But suppose we cannot? said the girl.
But tell me, is it a civilized country?
But that information would be worth many millions to our enemies.
But that is not the case here.
But that is one great difference between us.
But that isn't right.
But that’s because I’m used to Edgar and Isabella Linton.
But the Captain had very long ears — though his hair was very short.
But the Doctor didn’t worry at all.
But the Doctor said he needed it to shave with.
But the Doctor told him to stop.
But the King Crow said, "It is only a stuffed man".
But the Leader of the Lions was a very proud creature.
But the Monkey King shook his head.
But the Tin Woodman would not let her do this.
But the clothes, the wedding clothes!
But the old man in the moorland house solemnised him.
But the old man spoke again.
But the old man was the pick of the lot.
But the plaintiff must get it.
But the pretty milk-maid was much too vexed to make any answer.
But the staircases kept puzzling me.
But the trouble was that my knowledge wasn’t exact.
But the wife is anxious.
But then I should not have had my wonderful brains! cried the Scarecrow.
But there I was mistaken.
But there are none in the forest so bright as these.
But there came no promise from the bow of the canoe.
But there could be no doubt about him.
But there was also talk of witchcraft in the village.
But there was no longer the mother yearning in his heart.
But there was something even more startling than this resemblance.
But these things happen so often!
But they are very pleasing women when you converse with them.
But they make the mistake of ignoring their own duality.
But they wouldn’t have listened to me.
But this is a lady’s card.
But this little defect did not worry him.
But this time it was Saxon who rebelled.
But to be guarded at such a time is very difficult.
But to culture the Revolution thus far had exhausted the Junta.
But until she is dead I will not grant your wish.
But vanity, not love, has been my folly.
But very soon it began to seem less of a game.
But we are all liable to error.
But we can’t open the door.
But we have failed.
But we want to avoid that if possible.
But we wanted to warn you before we go.
But we were without this momentum.
But we'll just postpone this.
But what could be done now?
But what do you want? he continued, speaking to Toto.
But what does your papa care!
But what shall we do?
But what they want with your toothbrush is more than I can imagine.
But what will you take?
But when I found myself in that neat hall the place mastered me.
But whenever there is danger my heart begins to beat fast.
But where is the use?
But who could have foreseen such an attention as this?
But who is this?
But who was Eileen's double.
But who was she?
But why continue the tirade, for tirade it was.
But you do not know all.
But you have chosen your fault well.
But you promised!
But you see the difficulty, Hannay.
But you shall not!
But you’ll admit it’s horribly awkward.
But you’re so easily offended, you know!
But — but this is a bit too much.
But, Heathcliff, if I dare you now, will you venture?
But, after all, brains are not the best things in the world.
But, away with you!
But, comrades, what shall we do now?
But, however, he did not.
But, hush, here’s Bob.
But, really, I know not what to say.
But, step in, pray!
Buy four, get the cheapest one free.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy two, get the third free.
By Gad, you’re the very man I’ve been praying for.
By God, as if I would rear such a monster!
By Jove, yes.
By chance, you’ve managed tolerably.
By combining your notes with mine, I was able to determine what happened.
By daybreak you’ll be well into the hills.
By golly, the boy wins.
By harnessing a persons innate abilities we can help them flourish.
By heavens, we’ve found them.
By hell, no!
By process of elimination we could determine who the real culprit was.
By that answer my professional medical prestige stood or fell.
By this time Charley was as enraged as the Greek.
By this time it was getting on for six o’clock.
By this time she is actually with them!
By this time the news will be on its way.
By virtue of that power we shall remain in power.
Bye-bye, sucker!
C Sharp is a programming language.
Cadmium batteries can be recycled also.
Calcium is essential for healthy bone structure.
Call Joe.
Call me in the evening.
Call me that again, he murmured ecstatically.
Call me two men out of the hall, Ellen.
Call nine nine nine.
Call one one one.
Call the waiters!
Call the waiters,’ said the old gentleman.
Cambridge university has been around for a long time.
Cameron looked at his hands with their long, sinewy fingers.
Can I borrow you for a moment?
Can I borrow your bike?
Can I have your phone number?
Can I live anywhere else?
Can I pay for it with a hire purchase agreement?
Can I reclaim the gift aid on my donation?
Can I speak plainer?
Can I trust your assertion, Isabella?
Can algorithms be racist or is it the data?
Can anyone hear me?
Can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him?
Can maths explain everything?
Can we arrange a meeting?
Can we assume that the program is moribund?
Can we chat later when I'm feeling a bit more sparky?
Can we discuss it like adults?
Can we do nothing about fake news?
Can you change the channel, please?
Can you compare my feelings respecting Catherine to his?
Can you cut me a deal?
Can you dance?
Can you distribute the prizes at the next prize-giving ceremony?
Can you do division?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you do subtraction?
Can you exclude me from the meeting requests?
Can you get that on the App Store?
Can you give a ballpark figure on how much it will cost?
Can you give me a brief summary?
Can you give me the afternoon slot?
Can you help me find it?
Can you help me find my way?
Can you interpret this?
Can you lay the table for me, darling?
Can you learn to love me?
Can you make that out?
Can you outline me repayment plan for my outstanding debts?
Can you quote a reliable source to justify that?
Can you record this for me?
Can you remember what it was like back in the day?
Can you review my pull request?
Can you see the blur? It looked blurred yesterday, as well.
Can you see the mark of the stonemason?
Can you see what's on the telly tonight?
Can you smell a really horrible odour?
Can you teach me how to swim?
Can you tell us where the Emerald City is?
Can you tow my car?
Can't say I mind either way.
Can't you get down?
Can't you give me brains? asked the Scarecrow.
Cancer has claimed the lives of millions of people.
Candy corn is a Halloween favorite, but personally I find it disgusting.
Candyfloss is a popular children's delicacy, particularly during the summer holidays
Canines, Molars and Incisors are teeth names.
Canned food lasts long but is not the same as the fresh food.
Cannot you inform him that it is frightful earnest?
Cannot you tell her whom I am, eh, Joseph?
Cannot you tell him I will?’ she returned.
Can’t blame her for getting scared!
Can’t promise, my dear Sir, can’t promise.
Can’t you fancy the conclusions he’ll draw?
Capillary blood vessel.
Capital notion that — funny.
Capital, he said, had no conscience and no fatherland.
Captain Doane's orders were swiftly obeyed.
Captain West may be a Samurai, but he is also human.
Captain, hail the star ship.
Car batteries require safe disposal, please visit the local recycling center.
Car body kits are often made out of fiberglass.
Car safety maintenance should never be overlooked.
Carbon dioxide is emitted from vehicles that run on fossil fuels.
Cardboard is highly recyclable.
Careful and kind — that’s paternal.
Carefulness while driving will keep us and others safe.
Carelessness can have devastating consequences.
Carmen was sentenced to fifteen years in prison for jaywalking.
Carnivores are at the top of the food chain; plankton are near the bottom
Caroline is learning French at an adult education class
Carrot and coriander soup.
Carry it with the muzzle to the ground.
Carrément. Les métaphores tu connais pas ?
Cars must stop at a Zebra stripe and allow people to cross.
Cassette tapes are dead technology.
Cassettes tape recorders have long been superseded.
Cat had to practise juggling every day.
Catalan is a language that has some similarities to French.
Catch as catch can.
Catelina recommends companies should always aim to build a minimum ethical product.
Catherine Linton?’ I exclaimed, astonished.
Catherine always spoke of it as her house.
Catherine and Lydia had information for them of a different sort.
Catherine ran to the hearth to warm herself.
Catherine stole out before break of day.
Catherine took a sly look at him, expressing small admiration.
Catherine was mute.
Catherine was too intent on his fingers to notice his face.
Catherine will tell you that I have been cheerful.
Catherine wisely put in her tongue.
Catherine, contented at first, in a brief space grew irritable and restless.
Catherine, his happiest days were over when your days began.
Catherine’s cup was never filled: she could neither eat nor drink.
Cathy carried a footstool and her cup to his side.
Cathy took two hundred and ten pounds out of her bank account,
Cathy, do come.
Cats eyes are a reflector often used to mark the edges of the carriageway
Caution, Handle with care.
Ce n’est pas beaucoup dix mille euros pour la vie d’un homme.
Ce n’est pas la même chose.
Ce n’est pas obligé, mais je crois que cela peut affiner le test.
Ce n’était pas ce que je voulais dire.
Celsius is a common temperature scale.
Cern is an international particle physics laboratory near Geneva.
Certainly not — at first.
Certainly, we’ll do anything in our power to assist the authorities.
Chance would be a fine thing!
Change chairs, Daylight commanded.
Charities are developing systems to offer cash direct to the needy in emergencies.
Charles Babbage and Ada Lovelace invented the Analytical Engine.
Charles Darwin's most famous work is On the Origin of Species.
Charlie overestimated by at least a factor of ten.
Charlotte herself was tolerably composed.
Charlotte is an excellent manager, I dare say.
Charlotte the wife of Mr. Collins was a most humiliating picture!
Chasing a moving goal post require.
Cheap housing helps first time buyers get onto the property ladder.
Check the calorimeter.
Chee-Chee and Polynesia watched him, keeping very quiet and still.
Chee-Chee, when he could not see them anywhere, was terribly upset.
Cheers — a voice, “No.”
Cheers, said the girl, and cheerio
Cheese must be grated before being added.
Cherokee identified himself with his instinct.
Chess is entirely a game of skill, but backgammon includes an element of chance
Chewing tobacco increases the risk of cancer.
Chicken and broccoli pasta bake.
Chief executives are afforded many privileges for their senior role.
Children can be mischievous.
Children do not always heed the wisdom of their parents.
Children just want the attention of their parents.
China people Dorothy was quite grieved at this mishap.
Chinese crispy beef stir fry.
Chips, cheese and peas.
Chocolate mousse; yummy!
Chocolate with a caramel filling.
Chops and tomato sauce.
Choreography is harder than it looks.
Christina recommended the fish.
Christmas is an easy problem compared with a Polynesian giving-feast.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Churchill wore a boiler suit frequently during the war
Circumstances were suspicious.
Citizens collectively contribute to the success of an economy.
Civil society leaders strive to serve the community they represent.
Claire and Sean kindly agreed to clear out my city pad.
Claire waited patiently.
Classic beef burger, with a twist.
Claudia picked up the knife and waved it menacingly.
Clay pots are baked in a clay oven.
Clean air, means better lungs.
Clean water is a privilege we take for granted.
Cleanliness is a pillar of this household.
Clear your face: you shan’t scowl at me!
Clearly he was very drunk.
Click the grid to expand more details.
Climate change is real, people.
Climb up into it and go to sleep.
Clingfilm is very useful for sealing open containers
Close beside him gleamed the white fangs of the wolf-dog.
Closed Captions is an assistive technology that also benefits non-impaired users.
Clothes are disposed of too early because of changing fashion trends.
Clothes are folded and placed in a drawer.
Clothes are made to be worn.
Clothes that are off-the-peg are ready-made rather than bespoke
Cloud computing enables you to scale up architecture on-demand.
Clubs and balls and cities grew to be only memories.
Coachman, I get down here.
Cochlear implants help to restore hearing for a deaf person.
Coffee is a type of Diuretics.
Coffee is the best practice.
Cole, stop stealing my french fries!
Colin and Nathan are bitter rivals.
Colin appears rather sad this afternoon
Colin, is that you?
Collins, you must marry.
Collins, you must send a servant with them.
Colloquialism language is commonly used.
Colonel Forster gives us reason to expect him here soon.
Colonel sanders has his face painted on many buildings.
Come and get to bed.
Come and help me out of this!’
Come and see me tomorrow, Hannay.
Come and take your seat here.
Come as soon as you can on receipt of this.
Come here and kneel down again!
Come here directly, and get ready for your walk!
Come here, Dab-Dab.
Come in and get shot, if you please.
Come in with your light.
Come in!’ he sobbed.
Come in; I’ll furnish them a reception.
Come off the motorway, take the next slip-road, then left at the roundabout
Come on! Don't be such a slowcoach!
Come on, Del Mar challenged.
Come to me tomorrow and you shall have a heart.
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come, Ellen, let us run!
Come, I reflected, his father’s selfishness may contribute to his comfort.
Come, I’m not going to nurse him.
Come, and sit by me.
Come, come to bed!
Come, come, be merry and like yourself!
Come, come, don’t be cross, there’s a good soul.
Come, give me a true history of the event.
Come, then, my hero.
Come, there’s half my plan done now!
Coming in a minute, nurse!
Comme dans Les Sept Samouraïs !
Comme une pute quoi ? Une prostituée.
Comment ?
Comment fait-on des chiffres avec ce clavier ? Ah, voilà.
Comment… Tu lances une grosse campagne de financement participatif, internationale.
Commodities are sold in huge volumes.
Common British terms for a toilet are loo and lavatory
Common accident in these parts.
Common punctuation marks include the full stop, comma, semicolon, and inverted commas
Common sense reasoning is a limitation of the current generation of algorithms.
Companies downsize when there are too many intermediaries.
Companies looking to automate should educate their workers also.
Companies selfishly let go of talented staff to keep shareholders happy.
Companies that use biometric data must work to keep it secure.
Companies will need to prioritize their workforce over profit.
Companies working on Machine Learning must build an ethical product.
Comparative benchmarks have shown the latter to perform exceedingly better.
Competitiveness in the industry drives innovation and growth. The consumer wins.
Complexity in code should be avoided to enhance maintainability.
Compliments always take you by surprise, and me never.
Compose for me an email to Gary.
Compose your feelings, ma’am.
Compose your feelings.
Compounded by debt.
Computer scientists have banged their heads trying to solve this problem until now.
Computer, read out aloud this page.
Computing power can speed up the progress of human-like computational reasoning.
Concentration is easily disrupted while task switching.
Condensate had built up on the rim of the window sill.
Condensation is a natural phase of the water life cycle.
Confidentiality during the consultation is essential
Confound and curse it!
Confused and lost, Richard headed in the direction of platform K.
Connecting the dots, is not as easy as it seems in machine learning.
Consider Mr. Collins's respectability, and Charlotte's steady, prudent character.
Consider a circle on the complex plane.
Consider what a great girl you are.
Consider what a long way you’ve come to-day.
Consider what o’clock it is.
Consider, Sir, how many appropriate characters are open for your selection.
Consternation sat on every face.
Consumables are the most sold items.
Consumer electronics are not built to last like they used to.
Consumers want an appealing, stylish and durable product.
Continuous Integration has been a lifesaver for us.
Contrary to popular belief, you shouldn't feed bread to ducks. Give birdseeds instead.
Contributions gratefully received
Convolutional Neural Networks are great to work with images.
Cookies must be baked at the right temperature.
Cool; very cool.
Copyright infringement must be avoided.
Coral reefs near beaches are being affected by tourism.
Cordial farewells were exchanged, and the party separated.
Corporate organizations forget that they were once a startup.
Corporations are usually only interested in profitability.
Correlation does not equals causation.
Corruption can be tackled by changing the culture that facilitates it.
Cotton wool can be used with make-up remover to remove eyeshadow
Cotton wool is very good for removing make-up
Could I ask you to fill in this form, please?
Could I borrow a bit of cash?
Could bees survive if we made them resistant to pesticides?
Could he be the object of it?
Could he believe his eyes!
Could he expect that her friends would not step forward?
Could he have Colonel Fitzwilliam in his thoughts?
Could not possibly have been better,’ replied Mr. Magnus.
Could the incident have anything to do with Jeanne and Pierre.
Could the tenors and basses please watch the conductor?
Could there be finer symptoms?
Could they have been waylaid and robbed?
Could you give me a ring at about ten o'clock?
Could you kindly desist from throwing peanuts from the gallery?
Could you look after our kangaroo while we're on holiday?
Could you please advise on available funds?
Could you post this letter for me please?
Could you put the sauce on the side?
Could you tell me what that entails?
Could you translate for me?
Counseling support can help during the bereavement process.
Count the people on the bus, and don't forget to include yourself.
Counter-factual explanations can help in explaining what black-box models mean.
Crash and burn.
Craziness is doing the same thing and expecting a different result.
Creative Commons is an organisation that provides open copyright licences
Creative writing skills is hard to imitate.
Creeping and crawling
Creeping and crawling.
Crew retention has been a huge problem in recent years.
Crickets began to chirp, and more geese and ducks flew overhead.
Cried Dorothy "are you a real witch?"
Cried all the mice, in a shrill chorus.
Cried the Scarecrow, "let us cross over."
Cries of “Order,” “Chair,” “Yes,” “No,” “Go on,” “Leave off,” etc.
Crisps are high in starch.
Crisps are made from potato.
Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
Crystal icicles had formed around the cave.
Cuddly toy, soft toy, stuffed animal are all plush toys
Curly rushed her antagonist, who struck again and leaped aside.
Currently we are closed.
Cycling is a very green way to travel
Cyclists should always carry a tyre-repair kit, in case of punctures
Célibataire, sans enfant. Parfait.
C’est bizarre, vraiment.
C’est comme vous voulez.
C’est rare pour un emploi de serveuse de passer plusieurs entretiens
C’est une question simple, Sara, le banquier vous a accordé le prêt
C’est vous que les ravisseurs ont contactée
C’est vraiment bien ça, les voyages forment la jeunesse !
C’est écrit ?
C’était en effet un test un peu étonnant, parfois.
Daddy cannot bide me, because I swear at him.
Damn that boy!
Damn that boy, he’s gone to sleep again.
Damn that boy; he’s gone to sleep again.
Damn the hellish villain!
Damn thee, kiss me!
Damn you all!
Dancing was her passion.
Daniel concealed the F grade in the corner so his mother wouldn't see it.
Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once.
Darcy said nothing at all.
Dare you pretend to rouse him against me?
Darkness hid him from Jeanne.
Darling, we've run out of paper tissues again.
Data Scientists can learn to de-bias an algorithm during model training.
Data is a vital ingredient of training machine learning models.
Daughtry elaborated on the counting trick by bringing Cocky along.
David manoeuvred the lorry carefully through the narrow streets of London.
David, Tim and Sarah regularly perform jazz at the local bar.
Dawn restored me to common sense.
Daylight found himself charmed and made curious by the little man.
Daylight made no answer, and the door closed behind him.
Daylight was tired, profoundly tired.
De la répartie, parfait. Pas trop tout de même, attention, le client est roi !
De votre côté qu’est ce qui vous conduit à postuler chez nous ?
De votre côté, il faut nous signer cet accord de confidentialité.
De-clutter the things in your life, de-clutter your mind.
Deal with it!
Dean, go away.
Dear Lizzy, only consider what he must have suffered.
Dear Mr Thompson.
Dear Mr. Jingle was not deceiving me.
Dear Mrs Brown.
Dear Ms Collins.
Dear Sir, Your second victim has fallen on schedule time.
Death and taxes are both unavoidable.
Death had come with terrible suddenness.
Death is and has been ever since old Maui died.
Decentralization may be the future of the internet.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly.
Decompression works a little faster when you're not using the machine.
Decoupling code will make your software less brittle during changes.
Deep Learning is mostly being used for perception in self driving cars.
Deep Neural Networks are ideal for computer vision use cases.
Defamation of character: action for damages.
Defeat at the tournament made him demotivated.
Delete all debug breakpoints.
Delightful prospect, Sam.
Delightful situation this.
Dementia causes symptoms of memory loss.
Dementia is usually experienced by the elderly.
Dennin's hands were released long enough for him to sign the document.
Deploy all personnel to the site immediately.
Dermatologists specialise in the conditions of the skin.
Des tas. Et toi, petit à petit tu augmentes tes campagnes de financement public
Desalination of ocean water is a costly process, we need more efficient methods.
Describe briefly what you think of climate change?
Describe it to me.
Desperate families sought asylum in a neighboring country.
Despite all the bravado he was worried about what might happen.
Despite our cultural differences everyone has the same common values.
Despite shrinking industries, this startup is bucking the trend.
Despite the failure, he was sanguine about it all.
Despite these divergences in opinions, people can agree on some common views.
Destruction of private property will not be tolerated.
Developers practice code Kata's to hone their skills.
Devil a word, gentlemen, the chair would say.
Devilled eggs taste horrible.
Did I possess too much vitality.
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill.
Did anybody ever hear the like!
Did he know of their intending to go off?
Did he shoot my lapwings, Nelly?
Did it remain there long?
Did master save you, Mrs. Dean?
Did my husband buy the sausages?
Did she die like a saint?
Did the honourable gentleman allude to him?
Did you find a car park, or did you park on the street?
Did you go by the old bridge, or the market-place?
Did you groan?
Did you hear about their new album?
Did you make a call to the real estate agents?
Did you notice his language, Linton?
Did you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Did you see anyone pass early this morning?
Did you see that? I can hardly believe it!
Did you see the new documentary?
Did you speak? asked the girl, in wonder.
Did you think I didn’t know the answer to that?
Did you wish to see me?
Didn't you know water would be the end of me?
Diesel cars are no longer in fashion.
Diesel engines make a different noise to petrol engines.
Dig deep, this one is going to be expensive!.
Dig in; you're sure good, was Daylight's answer.
Digging for apples, yer honour!
Ding dong merrily on high.
Dinner in half an hour, sir.
Diphtheria requires urgent medical treatment.
Directly after Joseph came up with Hareton, to put him to bed.
Dis-m’en plus, tu m’intrigues.
Discretion is the better part of valour, or so they say.
Disgraceful that an able-bodied man like you should dare to beg.
Displaying Nazi symbols or propaganda is against the law in Germany.
Do I come across as being pretentious if I wear this?
Do I have any emails to read?
Do I have to book, or can I pay on the day?
Do I have to meet him? He is as dull as ditchwater.
Do I look like a robber?
Do I need to fill in this questionnaire?
Do I want to live?
Do I, or don't I?
Do ants sting, or do they bite?
Do as we do?
Do let me carry that basket for you.
Do not cross the barbed wires.
Do not distress me by the idea.
Do not over rev the car.
Do not overtake unless it is safe to do so.
Do not respond to email blackmail threats or send any money to them.
Do not speak a word of this to any one.
Do not use this pen.
Do not waste any more of his time.
Do people still use a phone directory?
Do say you will.
Do take a seat. Someone will be with you shortly.
Do take some food, and some repose.
Do we have a maintenance contract?
Do we have an example to illustrate that with?
Do we have authorisation to proceed?
Do we have robust disaster planning for that scenario?
Do we have the right equipment to tackle this climb?
Do we have to?
Do we need to peel the aubergine before we cook it?
Do what you think necessary.
Do you accept or decline?
Do you accept payment by instalments?
Do you accept these terms and conditions?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe in destiny?
Do you believe such people are happy in the other world, sir?
Do you consent to view cookies on this website?
Do you drink herbal teas?
Do you ever dream, Hareton?
Do you have a booking with us?
Do you have a carpet sweeper or a Hoover I can borrow?
Do you have a clean handkerchief?
Do you have a favourite knock knock joke?
Do you have a spouse?
Do you have a trustee code of conduct?
Do you have allergies?
Do you have an estate car, or a saloon?
Do you have to pay a monthly fee for your bank’s current account?
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty?
Do you hear?
Do you know any Silicon Valley billionaires?
Do you know any good land around here.
Do you know how much that ring cost?
Do you know how to mend this chair?
Do you know how to sew clothes?
Do you know if there is a car park nearby?
Do you know languages?
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn.
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you.
Do you know that you’re scrubbing a White Queen?
Do you know that?
Do you know the poem Desiderata?
Do you know the pronunciation of that word?
Do you know the story of Orpheus with his lute?
Do you know today's football score?
Do you know what o’clock it is?
Do you know what species this is?
Do you know what this ready meal consists of?
Do you know, Miss Linton, that brute Hareton laughs at me!
Do you like Machine Learning?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like plum-cake, monster?
Do you like reading physical books or digital versions?
Do you like sugar?
Do you like the new website layout?
Do you manage to get out on your bicycle every weekend?
Do you need assistance changing this tire?
Do you not see us? answered the Scarecrow.
Do you object to use them?
Do you play and sing, Miss Bennet?” “A little.”
Do you prefer flour based noodles or rice based noodles?
Do you prefer jelly babies or mint humbugs?
Do you prefer rock, jazz, or folk music?
Do you prefer single or double cream?
Do you prefer white coffee, or black?
Do you read The Times or The Guardian?
Do you really have to swear quite so often?
Do you recognizing me?
Do you remember whether she was Canadian or American?
Do you see?
Do you spell your name Ann or Anne?
Do you suppose I dread any change of that sort?
Do you take me for a dunce?
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think I ought to acknowledge her kindness?
Do you think Oz could give me courage? asked the cowardly Lion.
Do you think he will still be there?
Do you think that graffiti is vandalism or art?
Do you think they do?
Do you think you could manage it?
Do you use Tensorflow or Pytorch?
Do you value your hide.
Do you want a single ticket, or a return?
Do you want chips or beans with it?
Do you want fries with that?
Do you want hundreds and thousands on your ice cream?
Do you want me to like you?
Do you want to act as administrator or coordinator?
Do you want to buy a single or a return ticket?
Do you want to wash before dinner?
Do you want your boss to like you?
Do you worry about pesticides?
Doctor's write out many prescriptions for patients.
Doctors and Engineers must to take a collaborative approach in inventing new technologies.
Doctors write out many prescriptions for patients
Does anybody have a pack of cards?
Does anybody know the square root of two? the teacher enquired
Does anybody use their garage for keeping a car in?
Does anyone still use paper clips?
Does our fiendish contemporary wince?
Does she work as a childminder or as a nanny?
Does that look good.
Does that ready meal have an expiry date?
Does that resound with you?
Does the bedroom have a wardrobe, or built-in cupboards?
Does the old boy often go off at half-cock that way.
Does the patients eye dilate when you flash a light on it?
Does this contain nuts?
Does this sound right to you?
Does your charge give you much trouble?
Does your van have a diesel engine, or is it petrol?
Doesn't anyone else know you're a humbug?
Dogs, Sir?’ ‘Not just now,’ said Mr. Winkle.
Domestic violence should not be tolerated.
Don Giovanni is a famous opera by Mozart
Don is always banging on about climate change.
Don might well have mentioned it; I forget.
Don't believe the caller id from cold callers as these are easily spoofed.
Don't forget that resources are finite.
Don't forget that the car has a gear lever; it's not an automatic
Don't forget to add Basil.
Don't forget to add Oregano.
Don't forget to add Pecan.
Don't forget to include a covering letter with the curriculum vitae.
Don't forget to take some tea bags!
Don't forget your baking tray if you're going to bake biscuits
Don't get your knickers in a twist
Don't give up!.
Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.
Don't keep coughing so, Kitty, for Heaven's sake!
Don't miss the latest episode of the podcast. Out now!
Don't tar people with the same brush.
Don't tell the boys!
Don't touch that butter. It's rancid!
Don't worry, we're professionals.
Don't you dare presume to demand anything of me!
Don't you see I hate you.
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two.
Don't you suppose we could rescue them?
Don't you think that's a rather risky course of action?
Don't you think the spelling of weird is, well, weird?
Don't you want to spend time with your loved ones?
Don’t ask any questions.
Don’t be afraid to name it, man.
Don’t be alarmed!
Don’t be frightened.
Don’t cry.
Don’t drink and drive.
Don’t fuss.
Don’t interrupt me.
Don’t let me go home thinking I’ve done you harm.
Don’t let that interfere with your appetite.
Don’t make more mischief; my brother is coming: be quiet!
Don’t persist, sir!
Don’t put faith in a single word he speaks.
Don’t say anything about the trouble.
Don’t say anything; but stay with me.
Don’t stand muttering and mumbling there.
Don’t strike me.
Don’t tell papa.
Don’t trouble yourself about the warming-pan.
Don’t try to talk!
Don’t vex me.
Don’t worry, it’s easy.
Don’t write, but come, and bring me something from Edgar.
Don’t you like him, Ellen?’ ‘Like him!’ I exclaimed.
Don’t you see I can scarcely stand?
Don’t you smell it?
Don’t you? I do.
Don’t, Miss Catherine!’ I cried.
Dorothy L Sayers used to have a job as an advertising copywriter
Dorothy caught Toto at last, and started to follow her aunt.
Dorothy felt as if she were going up in a balloon.
Dorothy gazed thoughtfully at the Scarecrow.
Dorothy listened to this speech with wonder.
Dorothy looked at him curiously.
Dorothy said nothing.
Dorothy stood up and found she was in her stocking-feet.
Dorothy thought the Voice trembled a little.
Dorothy was almost ready to cry with disappointment.
Dorothy was now standing on both feet.
Dorothy went on, standing this time on her right foot..
Dot the I's and cross the T's.
Dot will be the student liaison this week.
Doubt and distrust were exhibited in his countenance.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end of wisdom
Down fell one bird, and off flew the others.
Down jumped the driver, and out got Mr. Pickwick.
Down there the earth was already swelling with life.
Down through the perfume weighted air fluttered the snowy fluffs of the cottonwoods.
Down with the kids
Drag down to refresh the screen.
Dramatically he proclaimed, "Charge!".
Draw a horizontal line down the middle of the paper.
Draw a right-angular line.
Draw up the warrants, Mr. Jinks.
Dreams can come true.
Dresses rustled, feathers waved, lights shone, and jewels sparkled.
Drink-driving is a serious criminal offence
Drinking and driving Is very dangerous, not to mention illegal.
Drinking and driving is not worth it.
Drinking excessively can have severe health consequences.
Drive round the ring road, and come off at the third roundabout
Drive safely!
Drivers must master driving at the best speed for the current road conditions.
Driving tests are nerve-racking.
Drop a spanner in the works
Drop the Mic, I'm out.
Dual-carriageways and motorways have a central reservation that divides the carriageways
Dublin is the capital of the Republic of Ireland.
Due to financial constraints I can only lend you fifty dollars.
Due to his uniform!
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse.
During his long career, he received many honours and awards.
During my tenure as a professor, I taught hundreds of students.
During the depression, businesses dealt with it differently.
During the transition, who will pay for it?
Dynamic Link Libraries are reusable modules of windows software applications.
Dyslexia is a learning difficulty experienced in reading and writing.
Dyspraxia is a developmental co-ordination disorder.
Dès que ça démarre, nous, on te fera des transferts anonymes
Dès qu’elle sentait une ouverture, elle ne pouvait s’empêcher de s’engouffrer.
Déjà, c’est un gage de qualité, n’est-ce pas ?
Désolé. J’ai parlé trop fort ?
D’accord, je l’entre dans la machine.
Each day she became a more vital part of him.
Each improvement makes the value of everything else pump up.
Each insult added to the value of the claim.
Eagerly I seized on it, for I fancied it would tell me something.
Early audiences were hungry for escapist entertainment.
Early civilization was primitive.
Earnshaw had his countenance completely averted from his companion.
Earth and gravel seemed to fill the pan.
Easter Day falls late this year
Easter falls either in late March or in April
Easter is the celebration of Jesus's resurrection.
Eating meat based products leaves a larger carbon foot print.
Economists like predicting the Economy.
Ed will not be joining us today.
Edgar Linton had difficulty in hearing me to the close.
Edgar Linton, after an inquisitive stare, collected sufficient wit to recognise her.
Edgar is not dead?’ I gasped.
Edgar must shake off his antipathy, and tolerate him, at least.
Edgar will not hurt us.
Edgar, in his anxiety for her, forgot her hated friend.
Edmund sprang to his feet.
Education is a path out of poverty.
Education is seen as the path out of poverty in many developing nations.
Education is the gateway to a better future.
Eek! Maybe it’s something psychological?
Efficiency is important, but so is quality.
Eggshell is not good to eat.
Eight items are selected.
Eighteen hundred, he calculated.
Eighteen, he added.
Either of these men wish to go through the court?
Either way, I’m happy.
Ejecting disk in five seconds.
Elderly individuals take advantage of accessibility technology.
Elderly people can be vulnerable and need assistance, but might not ask for it.
Electric Vehicles might be practical if more investment was put into recharging infrastructure.
Electric cars charging infrastructure to succeed.
Electric field strength is measured in volts per metre
Electricity pylons can be very intrusive in rural areas
Electrocardiograph machines can detect atrial fibrillation.
Electronic exports may be subject to tax at the destination country.
Eleven — twelve — one o’clock had struck, and the gentlemen had not arrived.
Eli Harding asked, as Shunk started to follow.
Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off together.
Elizabeth blushed and blushed again with shame and vexation.
Elizabeth could not but be pleased, could not but triumph.
Elizabeth felt Jane's pleasure.
Elizabeth had received none since her return that could come from Pemberley.
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Elizabeth loved absurdities, but she had known Sir William's too long.
Elizabeth merely curtseyed to him without saying a word.
Elizabeth now began to revive.
Elizabeth silently attended her.
Elizabeth soon observed, and instantly understood it.
Elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt.
Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her.
Elizabeth took leave of the whole party in the liveliest of spirits.
Elizabeth was delighted.
Elizabeth was disgusted, and even Miss Bennet was shocked.
Elizabeth was in agonies.
Elizabeth was now to see Mr. Wickham for the last time.
Elizabeth was surprised, but said not a word.
Elizabeth went away with her head full of him.
Elizabeth's courage did not fail her.
Elizabeth, on her side, had much to do.
Elle attendait qu’Albert lui donne parole, les yeux baissés vers les notes
Elle avait trouvé cela un peu étrange
Elle n’en avait jamais utilisé elle-même, mais on commençait à en parler
Elle n’était jamais nerveuse, elle n’en avait jamais compris l’utilité.
Elle sourit.
Elle s’était rangée à la logique du questionnaire qui lui était soumis
Ellen Dean, go and seek her.
Ellen, I was ready to tear my hair off my head!
Ellen, are not you tired?
Ellen, he’ll think we’re lost.
Ellen, show him down.
Ellen, tell him how disgraceful this conduct is.
Ellen, what do you think?
Elsewhere in the world, the birds were chirping and wildlife was thriving.
Emma loves to draw and paint, while I sit and watch quietly
Emma sometimes enjoys a small gamble, but she never plays for high sums
Emma takes her summer holidays in June, finding it too hot in August
Emma, give Mr. Pickwick a shawl to tie round his neck — make haste.
Empirical research shows that is not the case.
Employees feel the pressure of unreasonable expectations.
En dehors du stylo, il y avait sur le bureau un petit ordinateur portable
Encouraged by my conduct, Big-Face became a sudden ally.
Enfin, d’habitude, c’est plus direct, on fait surtout un essai.
Engine oil regularly needs changing.
Engineers need to design aircraft to rely less on fossil fuels.
Engineers of the future will include Ethics as their design process.
England’s most famous universities are Oxford and Cambridge
English Members of Parliament need to open a dialogue with their Scottish counterparts.
English is my second language.
Enjoy it he did, but principally for Steward's sake.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Enterprises are picking up the pace in adopting digital marketing.
Enters now the psychology of the situation.
Entrepreneurship should be encouraged to boost growth.
Entrez, asseyez-vous. Mettez-vous à l’aise, je vous en prie.
Epidemiology is the study of how diseases occur.
Ernest saw in the affair the most sinister import.
Et encore, vous n’avez pas eu mon prof de math en troisième.
Et plus que la vie d’un enfant.
Et pour l’enfant, je crois que ce sera non également.
Et que l’on peut vous faire confiance également.
Et vous pourriez le tuer pour sauver un enfant.
Ethical considerations should be made to mitigate the misuse of technology advancements.
Ethically Aligned Design.
Ethics will need to be baked in Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
Ethics will need to be baked into Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
European Union allows the free movement of citizens within it's region.
Evaporation is occurs when a liquid changes into a vapor.
Even a fully qualified nurse isn’t terribly well paid.
Even computers have their own language.
Eventually machine learning algorithms will evolve to handle more complex scenarios.
Eventually these two roads will converge into one.
Eventually they decided to evacuate to Canada.
Eventually this software will supersede previous editions.
Ever so many lessons to learn!
Every British car has a gearbox, a bonnet, a windscreen, and a boot
Every Monday I have to catch the train into work
Every bone in her aged body seemed broken or dislocated.
Every country is a sovereign country.
Every day is a day to learn.
Every day it is met by a wall of silence.
Every edition is packed with fun!
Every house needs a fire alarm and extinguisher.
Every important plan needs a contingency plan.
Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection.
Every man knows his limits.
Every medical practitioner must swear by the Hippocratic oath.
Every month, I treat myself to some delicious ice cream.
Every mountain has its peak.
Every organization has a Harassment policy.
Every person has the ability to demonstrate compassion to a stranger.
Every person is the king of the castle in their own home.
Every person requires a driving license before they are allowed to drive.
Every school child knows that six is three times two
Every seaside resort has them.
Every time they met, it was more decided and remarkable.
Everybody carries a mobile phone nowadays
Everybody had gone, and the house door was closed for the night.
Everybody is disgusted with his pride.
Everybody looked surprised.
Everyone has a desire to be liked, it's perfectly natural.
Everyone has their own unique quirks.
Everyone here has watched at least one harry potter movie.
Everyone here is paid a fixed wage.
Everyone is broke in January.
Everyone loves to experience their individualism. No one is exactly the same.
Everyone may choose whatever gift they like.
Everyone seemed happy and contented and prosperous.
Everyone should have access to basic health-care.
Everyone should regularly monitor their credit rating.
Everyones a critic.
Everything depended, you see, on my guess proving right.
Everything nourishes what is strong already.
Everything seems to happen on Tuesday.
Everything was as public and above-board as a charity bazaar.
Everything was conducted on the most liberal and delightful scale.
Everything was so beautiful!
Everything was working smoothly, better than I had expected.
Everything wore a happier aspect.
Everything’s against me.
Evidently the Munchkins were good farmers and able to raise large crops.
Evidently they were chaffing him, and their chaff sounded horribly English.
Exactly what is it you want?
Excellent, just come on through to the kitchen.
Excessive heat had warped the motherboard.
Exciting times are the lot of the fish patrol.
Excuse me, for I must speak plainly.
Excuse my interference — it was kindly meant.
Exemplary, the teacher beamed, awarding Karen an A.
Exercise and diet can restore vitality.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
Exo-skeletons are being introduced in the commercial space especially warehouses.
Experts conceive autonomous vehicles will come to wherever you are on demand.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes..
Explainability in machine learning models help us understand how it came to a decision.
Exports are constrained by import levies at the destination.
Extensive repairs are necessary to the whole structure.
Extraordinarily he survived the crash.
Extrinsic factors like the economy, culture and social media have an effect on business.
Fact, my dear Sir, fact.
Fail to plan, and you Prepare to fail.
Fainter now, though.
Fairy lights are a very popular decoration for a Christmas tree
Fake news has recently become an area of great public concern
Fallacious or dissembling arguments.
False alarms were horrifyingly common during the Cold War.
Fame is not all it's cracked up to be.
Familiarity with a system allows a person to be intuitive with another system.
Famine had been my great ally.
Fans were beating down the door at the launch of the first iPhone.
Fast, but endure.
Fasting and reflection seemed to have brought him to a better spirit.
Father Christmas is the traditional English name for the personification of Christmas
Feather!’ the Sheep cried again, taking more needles.
Featuring a slate mansard roof.
February was the coldest month of the year.
Feeling the greatest fool on earth, I opened the gate and rang the bell.
Fei fell in love and wanted to marry her only real friend.
Fellow-martyrs, have at him!
Fewer people are subscribing to our channel.
Fibre optics enable ultra-fast internet.
Fifty assorted sweets.
Fifty yards ahead of her were the first of the rocks.
Fifty-two percent is hardly a massive majority, she objected
Figs are more versatile than you might think
Fill up his glass.
Finally one of the biggest mice spoke.
Finally she picked up her basket.
Finals are next week and I'm panicking.
Financer les études de votre petite sœur. Vous avez une sœur ?
Find a way, then!
Find me a bed and breakfast nearby.
Find me a blueprint for building stable software.
Find me a short stay lodging in Bristol.
Find me accommodation closest to the exhibition center.
Find me an accredited local electrician.
Fine newspapers they were.
Fingers crossed!
Finish your dinner, and walk out with me.
Fintech is short for Financial Technology.
Fiona and Jamie were engaged to be married.
Fiona is a Buddhist.
Firefighters are heroes.
First of all, he asked Miss Lucas.
First segment the unit of work.
First things first.
First wish on the ruby cap.
First you boil the spuds, then you mash them.
First you need to square x, and then take the cube root.
Fish and chips is a very traditional British meal
Fishing for bass is tough.
Fitted carpets are more popular than hardwood flooring
Five daughters brought up at home without a governess!
Five surprised faces looked up from a round table.
Fizzy drinks often have a lot of sugar and are bad for your teeth
Flights within Europe are cheap.
Fling her into the kitchen!
Floppy disks used to get easily corrupted.
Fluorescent lamps have now largely been superseded
Fly the flag.
Foghorns are deafeningly loud.
Follow the right exit under the bridge.
Foolish, silly boy!
Football managers devise the perfect strategy for their team.
Footnotes have been provided.
For God's sake, say no more of his partners.
For I was thinking desperately of what I had found in Scudder’s pocket-book.
For a few moments he ate in silence.
For a full half minute Jeanne looked at him without speaking.
For a full minute he crouched and listened.
For a full minute the two men stared into each other's face.
For a long time he said nothing.
For a minute or two Alice stood silent, watching him.
For a much longer time Lop-Ear and I remained and watched.
For a time the exciting thrill of his adventure was gone.
For all I knew half those boxes might be dynamite.
For all I know he was one of the regular threepennies.
For all intents and purposes.
For always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
For an hour or two I watched it from a pit of heather.
For an instant he saw Pierre drawn like a silhouette against the sky.
For certain grave reasons his tale must wait for four hours.
For everything, there is a season.
For furniture there was only one little stool.
For generations, our families have lived here.
For half an hour they ransacked the mill.
For he meant nought.
For heaven’s sake, Catherine, don’t look so angry!
For heaven’s sake, hurry down!
For herself she was humbled; but she was proud of him.
For in the face of all aridity and disenchantment
For lunch, they had toad-in-the-hole followed by Eton mess
For me it was impossible, whereas for her it was easy.
For more details, please see overleaf
For my research project I want to explore in detail why people get cancer.
For myself, once I got my wind back, I was rather glad than otherwise.
For such countries nothing remained but reorganization.
For that reason Le Beau had chosen him to fight the big fight.
For the convenience of our customers we accept contactless payment.
For the first time in his life he was yearning for a scrap.
For the rest of your life you must be a peaceful farmer.
For the rest, he was a mere automaton.
For the twentieth time that evening the two men shook hands.
For these are the swallows going back.
For they saw they were too late.
For twenty minutes I sat there, wondering what I was to do next.
For two hours not a word passed between them.
For your information.
Foraging for scrap metal has become a profitable business for some.
Forests are decreasing due to industrial scale deforestation.
Forgive and forget.
Forms going up — carpenters coming down — lamps, glasses, harps.
Formula one racing is performed by highly skilled drivers.
Fortunately, the rates of deaths in the United Kingdom have reduced
Fortunately, they were able to extend their lease.
Fortune seemed determined to favour his design.
Forty-five green parasols, at seven and sixpence a-piece.
Four Fortune Five Hundred companies are headquartered in this city.
Four pounds if he’s an ounce.
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him.
Four weeks’ torture, tossing, and sickness!
Frankie forgave Chris what she owed.
Frankly, Hannay, I don’t believe that part of his story.
François devenait un putain d’anar et ça le faisait marrer.
Free samples are available at the Welcome Desk.
Fresh cases, still able to walk, they clustered about the spokesman.
Fresh meat they failed to obtain.
Friday is my favourite day of the week, when I go to the pub
Friends to see me!
From Elizabeth's thoughts it was never absent.
From my earliest recollection my sleep was a period of terror.
From now on we're pals.
From pity and charity!
From such a connection she could not wonder that he would shrink.
From that moment his friendship for Belize turns to hatred and jealousy.
From the outside came the faint clucking of hens in the warm sun.
From the source of light a harsh voice said.
From there I looked back, and saw that I was still undiscovered.
From what can it proceed?
Fuel prices are leveling out.
Full tide at ten.
Fun ways with whipped cream.
Fun with flags.
Gabriel looked fearfully round — nothing was to be seen.
Gabriel was paralysed, and could make no reply.
Gad, do I remember it.
Gad, your letter came just in time.
Gene analysis can be instrumental in predicting the likelihood of cancer and other diseases.
Genealogy, otherwise known as family history, is an extremely popular hobby
Generous, good man, I am afraid he has distressed himself.
Gentlemen, I am a professional man.
Gentlemen, I beg your pardon; this is my friend Mr. Trundle.
Gentlemen, your hands and names.
Geoff always got annoyed when people spelt his name Jeff.
George nodded in the affirmative.
Get down and dig in.
Get him something that he can eat, that’s all.
Get off, I tell you.
Get on your bicycle and go off to the Chief Constable.
Get on your bonnet and come back.
Get out, sir, this instant.
Get well soon!
Ginger cake is my favourite.
Girls, can I do anything for you?
Give her a break!
Give him some water, Jenny.
Give him that card if you please.
Give me an example
Give me further particulars.
Give me that coat of yours.
Give me that,’ he replied.
Give my love to Colonel Forster.
Give my regards to your aunt.
Give them a glass of wine each to drink the toast with.
Give them their choice between a fine or an official whipping.
Give you joy, Sir.
Give yourself a pat on the back, you deserve it.
Glad to see you up so early.
Glad to see you.
Glass of wine, Sir!’ ‘With great pleasure,’ replied Mr. Tupman.
Glinda is a good Witch, isn't she? asked the child.
Glory be to God on high.
Go into my study, and you will see two doors facing you.
Go on with the next verse.
Go on, Mr Hannay.
Go on, Sir; do go on.
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste
Go the extra mile.
Go to school, young man, or you will face a truancy charge!
Go to the strangers and sting them to death!
Go upstairs; I have something to say to Ellen Dean in private.
Go, say thy prayers, child, and ask God’s pardon.
God bless 'em, I hope I'll go on seeing them forever.
God bless you, old fellow!
God forbid!
God forbid! I hope it doesn't come to that.
God help him!
God keep him meek and patient!
God rest ye merry, gentlemen.
God save the king! The prince remained to hear no more.
Going through customs is such a hassle.
Going to make some scrambled egg.
Good Friday is the Friday before Easter.
Good boy, that.
Good business man, Curly, O'Brien was saying.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen of the press.
Good heavens, you must be mad, sir!
Good morning, I'd like to book a holiday.
Good old Chee-Chee!
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good thinking, thanks!
Good-bye, my dear.
Good-evening, Joseph,’ I said, coldly.
Good-evening, Sir!’ and the lieutenant bounced out of the room.
Goodbye, Pierre, he shouted.
Gooey chocolate fudge.
Got any matches?
Got them from the gentleman that was here last year for the shooting.
Government-controlled media is never a reliable source of information.
Grab your pitchforks!
Gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Graham rushed over to H block, sweating profusely.
Grand Central Station is a subway terminal in New York.
Grandma and grandad were always very encouraging.
Granny and grandpa loved playing with their grandchildren.
Greaseproof paper is very useful for wrapping sandwiches
Great minds think alike.
Gregson had left the outer door slightly ajar.
Gregson had seated himself under the lamp and was sharpening a pencil.
Gregson held a lighted match until it burnt his fingertips.
Gregson shoved back his chair and rose to his feet.
Gregson was asleep when he re-entered the cabin.
Grosse comment ? Vraiment grosse. En milliards.
Guacamole with coriander.
Gub-Gub was scared of them and got behind a barrel.
Guilty as charged.
Ha ? Et ça avance votre truc ? Tout se passe comme tu veux ?
Habeas corpus is a very ancient principle of the common law
Had I known what I ought, what I dared to do!
Had his character been known, this could not have happened.
Had it struck squarely it would have killed him.
Had they no apprehension of anything before the elopement took place?
Haddock is one of my least favourite fishes
Hadn’t you better lie down now?
Half a dozen nephews shall erase her title, please heaven!
Half a year had passed, and he was still undiscovered.
Halfway around the track one donkey got into an argument with its rider.
Hang on! Something just occurred to me.
Hans hurled himself upon the prostrate man, striking madly with his fists.
Happily the drunken herd provided a diversion.
Happily there were few people about and no one tried to stop me.
Happily, I was spared the journey and the trouble.
Happily, as Mr. Heathcliff conjectured, he’ll not win twenty.
Happily, we are seeing a decline in knife crime.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Hardly were our plans made public before we were met by powerful opposition.
Hareton and Joseph were probably fast asleep in bed.
Hareton looked at his plate, and did not repeat the confession.
Hareton muttered she might go to hell, for him!
Hareton never touches me: he never struck me in his life.
Hareton responded, and presently the two re-entered.
Hareton stared up, and scratched his head like a true clown.
Hareton, if I gave you a book, would you take it now?
Hareton, you infernal calf, begone to your work.
Hari ini tidak dingin.
Hark the Herald Angels sing.
Hark! There they were.
Harrison is still my chauffeur.
Harrods food hall is on the ground floor
Harry Bancroft, Dave lied.
Harry has always been very good at assessing risk
Harry talked dashed nonsense, did he?
Harsh word, my dear sir, very harsh word indeed.
Has anybody asked the gay communities their opinion?
Has he ever seen me?
Has she been messaging you?
Has she proffered her official advice?
Hasn’t he Hareton for a companion?
Haste makes waste.
Hatred and murder and lust for revenge they possessed to overflowing.
Hatta looked round and nodded, and went on with his bread and butter.
Have a good sleep honey.
Have a good trip back.
Have a little compassion on my nerves.
Have some lovely moist sponge cake.
Have the builders said when they expect to complete the work?
Have the defendants been indicted yet?
Have they got the murderer?
Have to go; phone out of charge.
Have two kids and four bears in bed with me.
Have you any? enquired the Scarecrow.
Have you been to Wuthering Heights?
Have you brains? asked the Scarecrow.
Have you brought a packed lunch? he asked
Have you come far this morning, gentlemen?
Have you ever earned a dollar by your own labour.
Have you ever used a dating app?
Have you fed the unicorns today?
Have you got what it takes?
Have you had any flirting?
Have you heard of The Road Less Travelled?
Have you heard of the base rate fallacy?
Have you heard the Brahms symphonies?
Have you hurt yourself?’ he said.
Have you met Sophia and Ed? said Sue.
Have you never loved anybody in all your life, uncle?
Have you no feeling for your profession, you groveller?
Have you read Alice in Wonderland?
Have you read the terms and conditions?
Have you seen any pleasant men?
Have you set up a placeholder for the photograph?
Have you tasted the soup here?
Have you told Katherine about the opportunity?
Have you tried rebooting it?
Have you yet settled which you're going to choose?
Haven't you read the Highway Code?
Haven’t they reared it on snails and sour milk?
Having reached the Heights, I rushed eagerly to the door.
Having said thus much, I feel no doubt of your secrecy.
He accidentally put his driving licence in the dustbin
He adores his dog
He advised throwing in the towel.
He afterwards gathered the books and hurled them on the fire.
He also contended that better confidence was established by carrying no weapons.
He always contrives to be sick at the least thing!
He always kept plenty of banknotes in his wallet
He always used his sharpest secateurs for pruning his roses
He and his friend soon after walked away and left me alone.
He answered, No; but he would be in at dinner-time.
He appreciated what his mate had been doing.
He approached the old seat; it looked cold and desolate.
He asked if he could borrow her umbrella for an hour or two
He asked the travel agent whether she had a printed holiday brochure
He asked to be excused
He awoke to this, and he awoke to more.
He became a bookkeeper, and was then elected as an alderman.
He began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention.
He began to follow the footprints of the dog.
He began to speak first.
He begged pardon for having displeased her.
He believed him to be imprudent and extravagant.
He bent his wise brows on the assembly.
He bit his tongue, and cursed himself at this fresh break.
He blew across the top of the milk bottle
He boiled himself some coffee and sat down to wait.
He bore no grudges and had few enemies.
He bought most of his shoes from the shopping centre
He bowed very low indeed before her.
He breathed heavily, but in all other respects was motionless.
He broke out into a paroxysm of coughing.
He called everybody a fool.
He called it a helmet, though it certainly looked much more like a saucepan.
He came back at midday with the Scotsman.
He came back in ten minutes with a long face.
He came back with news that both puzzled and reassured me.
He came first a year ago, and revealed himself to Jeanne.
He came in and spoke to the porter.
He can care for himself.
He cannot afford it.
He carried a book of fairy-tales under his arm.
He carried her in; I followed, grumbling execrations and vengeance.
He carried his money in his bumbag
He caught himself with a jerk.
He changed his seat for a steamer reclining chair.
He chortled in his joy.
He chose to do the latter.
He chuckled as he pulled out his pipe and began filling it.
He claimed he never touched the cookie jar.
He claims that he can understand what his dog is saying
He closed the book, and laid it on the bed.
He confessed that the sketch had startled him.
He considered the victory already his and stepped forward to the meat.
He continued to believe that twenty-one was a prime number
He coughed; she looked up and smiled.
He could feel a new stir in the land.
He could hardly trust the evidence of his senses.
He could never resist a bad pun.
He could not speak a word for full ten minutes.
He could obtain no engagement, and he wanted bread.
He could talk every language — and Greek.
He couldn't blow the skin off a rice pudding.
He couldn't tell me the difference between Scots and Scottish
He couldn’t stop laughing.
He crashed and burned
He cried in such genuine dismay that she broke into hearty laughter.
He cried, and swung the club wildly.
He cries once more.
He dared not think of what he feared.
He deceived a worthy man once, and we were the innocent cause.
He deluged me, overwhelmed me with argument.
He departed, and I went upstairs.
He destroyed everything that had belonged to the woman.
He did it with a courtesy that redounded to his credit.
He did not believe in the burning of daylight for such a luxury.
He did not contradict me; perhaps he had fallen into a doze.
He did not know what went on in the minds of his superiors.
He did not rush in.
He did not strike it off, either.
He didn't run off, or anything.
He didn't seem to have the faintest idea what was going on.
He didn’t begin to know how to talk.
He didn’t delay.
He didn’t pray for Catherine’s soul to haunt him.
He died true to his character: drunk as a lord.
He does his work, eats his food, and sleeps eternally!
He does not want abilities.
He doesn't have the greatest track record.
He drank of the water cautiously.
He dreamt of continuing love
He drew a chair near her.
He drew back in consternation.
He drew in a deep breath as he looked at them.
He earned extra money by renting a room in his house to a lodger
He eats the linoleum.
He entered the church.
He even looked at her with a smile of affected incredulity.
He eventually found his headphones in the larder.
He evidently did not anticipate an immediate decease.
He evidently wished no repetition of my intrusion.
He fell back upon his pillow and moaned aloud.
He felt horrible, awful, and ugly wearing his best suit.
He felt insulted that they didn't recognise him.
He felt rather overwrought the next morning.
He felt silly wearing a tie to the informal gathering.
He found that the group didn't mix very well.
He gave a lengthy speech, whilst saying absolutely nothing.
He gave all the servants, but me, notice to quit.
He gave her the cold shoulder.
He gave me no address, but said he was living near Portland Place.
He gave no reason, but his motive was obvious enough.
He gave one last snarl and slid from view among the trees.
He gave the door handle an apologetic rattle.
He gladly agreed to hire it.
He glanced down at her helplessly, and moistened his lips.
He gnashed his teeth with rage.
He got a little further down than he wanted.
He got down, and looked eagerly inside for the beautiful young lady.
He got up slowly, and looked down at me from the hearthrug.
He grew merry again when he heard of the fate of that ass Jopley.
He grew sullen, and began to swear.
He grinned vacantly at Tom.
He had a big chimpanzee that was a winner.
He had a job for life, until he started to question the programme
He had a lot of odd biases, too.
He had a positive attitude towards life.
He had a recurrence of his influenza.
He had a very stylishly landscaped back garden
He had a word to say to me.
He had alluded to the honourable gentleman.
He had attained one of the greatest objects of his ambition.
He had barely entered this when he saw the glow of a fire.
He had become a man very early in life.
He had been born with this endowment.
He had been foiled in his attempt to escape.
He had been so easy.
He had been too easy and ready, almost as if he had expected me.
He had come to a full stop
He had comparatively no advantages at first.
He had forgotten him.
He had forgotten to build a fire and thaw out.
He had fulfilled his duty and paid properly.
He had judged of his friend’s feelings by his own.
He had just arrived, and was wearily flinging down his hammer.
He had made one step towards it, before he checked himself.
He had never played with three thorough-paced female card-players before.
He had no excuse for the feelings which were aroused in him.
He had no idea what inter alia meant.
He had observed the business life of Hawaii and developed a vaulting ambition.
He had peeled off his shirt and was wildly waving it.
He had picked up most of his collection second-hand, at car boot sales
He had picked up the captain at a neighbouring race-course.
He had proved it today, with his amateurish and sophomoric productions.
He had reached the old house at last — how hot the room was.
He had said that he had eyes like a hawk.
He had to fly economy class, as he wasn't able to afford business class
He had to warm himself by the electric fire
He had triumphed.
He had uncovered a small, flat, rectangular tablet.
He had worshiped her, as Dante might have worshiped Beatrice.
He had, to be sure, done much.
He hardly seemed to be breathing at all.
He has a large collection of classical concert programmes
He has a licence to shoot pheasants with his twelve-bore
He has a mountain to climb
He has always something to say to everybody.
He has been a stranger in the house from last Sunday till today.
He has been blaming our father.
He has been treating me six weeks now.
He has children of his own, and may have more.
He has more brains than he needs.
He has much to tell you, but not today.
He has never proposed again.
He has nobody knows what money, and every year it increases.
He has not an ill-natured look.
He has not, has he?
He has only just come home.
He has our directions, and all will be completed in a week.
He has satisfied my expectations.
He has startled and distressed me shockingly!
He hates you — they all hate you — that’s the truth!
He heard a sound which brought him quickly into consciousness of day.
He held his breath, and listened at the key-hole.
He hoped that she wouldn't refuse his proposal
He hurried back to the prison at once.
He immediately offered to fetch her others — all that his library afforded.
He is a candidate, rising from the serf class to our class.
He is a climate change sceptic. Good grief!
He is a good Wizard.
He is a wonderful, brilliant and funny comedian.
He is afraid I shall laugh at him.
He is alive yet.
He is an Expatriate.
He is asking you a question.
He is fairly frail nowadays, and has to walk with a walking frame
He is gone.
He is happy, and in heaven now.
He is his own master.
He is in bed, and too tired to go the distance now.
He is in, and he’ll see you, I know.
He is luxuriating in a misplaced confidence.
He is more powerful than all the rest of us together.
He is not at all liked in Hertfordshire.
He is not envious, but emulous of your attainments.
He is not proposing to run again, is he?
He is not very well tonight.
He is pretty well acquainted with these proceedings.
He is quite right,’ said Mr. Pickwick emphatically.
He is so excessively handsome!
He is the Duke of Edinburgh.
He is the German business man that gives your English papers the shakes.
He is the man that has wrecked all their games.
He is too keenly intelligent, too sharply sensitive, successfully to endure.
He it was that lived to found the family of the Patino.
He it was.
He jumped a bit at the sight of me.
He jumped at the fruit; I raised it higher.
He jumped over the crash barrier, and escaped across the fields
He just calmly waited for me to come back.
He just loves being the center of attention.
He just seems to be spouting hot air.
He keeps a manservant, does he?
He keeps some clothes here, for he comes regular on the week-ends.
He kept as still as a stone.
He kept his seat, and shrank closer to the fire.
He kept on giving me big pills.
He knew my name, but he had never seen me before.
He knew what taboos he was violating.
He knocks at the door as if he were master here already!
He knows where his bread is buttered.
He laughed as he retired with the bird — it was a plump one.
He laughed at things like dyed hair and false beards and such childish follies.
He lay an image of sadness and resignation awaiting his death.
He lay in bed from dawn to dusk.
He leaned on his axe and thought a moment.
He leant on the back of a chair, and covered his face.
He leapt again, and the club caught him once more.
He leapt in the air when he heard the news.
He left it dead, and with its head he went galumphing back.
He lifted his eyes, and a strange cry burst from his lips.
He listened again.
He listened attentively.
He lived in a little town called, Puddleby-on-the-Marsh.
He lived in the city.
He lives in the City of Emeralds.
He lives up the hill, at eight Grange Park
He looked at Mr. Pickwick.
He looked at me with a fishy eye and yawned.
He looked at the handkerchief more closely
He looked at the handkerchief more, closely.
He looked better the way he was, I thought.
He looked closely and discovered the forger had changed a V to a W.
He looked for a long time at the destroyer.
He looked gloomy.
He looked like a tramp that had bought his jumper at a jumble sale
He looked like one who had passed through an uncomfortable hour or two.
He looked out of the window — it was very dark.
He looked resplendent in his dinner jacket
He looked round him.
He looked up at the house — all was dark.
He looked up at the house.
He looked vacantly upon the crowd, and fell heavily to the ground.
He loved his comfortable old slippers.
He loved to play Chinese lottery.
He loves classic cars, and keeps several Mercedes in his garage
He made his fortune in the petroleum business.
He made me an offer I couldn't well refuse.
He made no reply as he waited for Whittemore to continue.
He made sure that the magazine was loaded, and resumed his paddling.
He made the trial.
He makes them a little more attentive at least,’ he cried.
He may anticipate the day of his death.
He may desire to escape pain, or to enjoy pleasure.
He moved away as quietly as he had come.
He moved his position, and the illusion was gone.
He mumbled obliviously as the battle raged around him.
He must either be up or out.
He must have been asleep.
He never managed to get the hang of drawing hands.
He never mentioned that you were lovers.
He never struck me as such a marvellous treasure.
He nodded his head thoughtfully, and pulled out his watch.
He now wished it more than ever.
He obeyed the pressure of her hand.
He objects to the tunic. He is right.
He only does them when he’s happy.
He only half addressed me, and I maintained silence.
He only tried to.
He opened his eyes a little.
He opened his eyes after a few seconds, and looked anxiously round.
He opened the door immediately.
He ordered a tennis racket and a squash racket from Amazon.
He ought to quit worrying about it.
He panted for breath, and looked round upon his friends.
He passed the exam on the second attempt
He patted my shoulder and hurried me into his car.
He paused not an instant until he was snug in bed.
He paused, and Mr. Weller snuffed the candle.
He paused, and laid down his fork.
He peeped in.
He perceives his delicate constitution, and the necessity of treating him tolerably.
He photographed her in a very flattering light.
He placed his paw on one, and its movements were accelerated.
He plodded on for half an hour, when the hallucination arose again.
He pointed out the flaw in his brother’s argument.
He polishes my shoes for me every week.
He poured it out, and handed me a cup.
He preferred polo necks rather than V-neck jumpers
He prefers to hold his trousers up with braces rather than a belt
He published a scathing critique of the whole genre.
He pulled, and the log crashed down to break his back.
He put the scones on the hotplate, and the cake in the oven
He read aloud the number of steps in the different stairs.
He read his fragments aloud.
He really is a bit of an anorak
He received the communication with perfect calmness, and acquiesced in its propriety.
He receives personally his reward, and he delivers personally his intelligence.
He reflected a minute or two.
He regretted not having made himself clearer.
He reiterated his former determination.
He remained in the same place during the whole fourteen years.
He remained moody, obstinate, and unmoved.
He remained single as a lifestyle choice.
He remarked their incredulity.
He repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence.
He replied, and was again silent.
He returned in five minutes with a whitish face.
He richly deserved his reputation.
He sat by the corpse all night, weeping in bitter earnest.
He sat up all night, without sleep, trying to write and study
He sat up in bed and listened.
He saw Jeanne falter for a moment.
He saw Wickham, and afterwards insisted on seeing Lydia.
He saw all men in the business game doing this.
He saw me and stopped short.
He saw only the effect in a general, sketchy way.
He saw that the rules of the service were imperative.
He saw they were coming to the subject.
He says he bought him of Jacques Le Beau.
He seemed bewildered and amazed.
He seemed to fill it with his tremendous vitality.
He seems pretty adaptable
He seems to be putting her on a pedestal.
He seems to have an unshakeable faith in his abilities.
He seized Gregson by the arm and led him to the door.
He seldom appeared really animated.
He served in the military for fourteen years.
He shall buy another, if he gets me back again.
He shall hear from mek.
He shall not bully me.
He should have bowed, not saluted
He shouted this so loud that Alice couldn’t help saying, ‘Hush!’
He shuddered and tottered to his feet.
He slipped around the corner for a fag.
He slowly drew forth the letter, and unfolded it.
He sounds a sinister wild-fowl!
He spat it out like so much venom.
He spoke a good deal about death, too.
He spoke at last.
He spoke in a low tone, and laughed.
He spoke in a low, menacing voice.
He spoke of apprehension and anxiety, but his countenance expressed real security.
He stammered a little, like a man picking his words.
He started up, and stared eagerly in my face.
He stepped back a pace or two.
He stirred the Christmas pudding thoroughly.
He stood on the edge of the platform, looking out over the railway lines.
He stood transfixed to the spot, gazing on vacancy.
He stopped at a door.
He stopped on observing his error: his cousin flew to him.
He stopped, and Philip nodded at the horrified question in his eyes.
He strolled round to the tennis lawn and was welcomed riotously by the players.
He studies too much for words of four syllables.
He stuffed his sleeping bag into his rucksack, and headed along the canal towpath
He submitted his thesis last Wednesday.
He supposedly was working that day.
He swerved aside, and attempted to pass.
He swore at her and seized another.
He tapped at the cottage door.
He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone else.
He therefore resumed his brisk pace, and advanced, staring straight before him.
He thought he saw a shudder pass through the Factor's shoulders.
He thought of Catherine; for he murmured her name.
He thought, quite rightly, that platypuses were mammals.
He threw himself upon the chair.
He threw his tooth-brush at the palace cat.
He told himself that as he washed himself and groomed his disheveled clothes.
He told me to fetch some water.
He too heard the shouts of ‘Missus,’ and stopped to hear more.
He took her education entirely on himself, and made it an amusement.
He took his daily dose of vitamins.
He took some stunning pics while we were on vacation.
He took up a fresh piece of toast, and groaned heavily.
He tore up the tickets.
He translated the whole text into Welsh.
He travelled first by tram, then by bus
He trembles: as if I were really going to touch him!
He tried to avoid the cracks when walking along the pavement
He tried to help with the ravages caused by flooding.
He tried to persuade her with a rather artificial argument
He turned abruptly round, and led the way in silence.
He turned away his head, and appeared absorbed in melancholy reflection.
He turned round: and the dismal man was at his side.
He turned sharply, and faced Gregson across the table.
He turned the map to Gregson, pointing with his finger.
He twitched his shoulder as Juno twitches hers.
He understands them and they understand him.
He understood the meaning of the look.
He unfastened it, and leant out.
He unfolded a long typewritten letter, and handed it to Gregson.
He very much enjoys being a lorry driver
He waded into the edge of the water and began scrubbing himself.
He walked about the room — it was very lonely.
He walked down the hill, and through the village.
He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very great!
He walked on tiptoe to the door, and gave a gentle tap.
He walked up to one of the presses.
He wanted to give the finish to this foe already so far gone.
He was a head shorter than his companion, of almost delicate physique.
He was a humble individual.
He was a merry monarch, especially so for an Asiatic.
He was a mighty monarch.
He was a pariah; a wanderer without a friend or a home.
He was a prominent politician.
He was a schoolmaster in his younger days.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man.
He was a true friend in need, that old roadman.
He was a very versatile entertainer
He was a well-known racing cyclist.
He was a wise hyena.
He was accused of plagiarism.
He was actually rather afraid
He was afraid of me.
He was alone in the world.
He was always anxious to increase his stock of experience.
He was an amphibian and a mountaineer.
He was an athlete and a giant.
He was an enthusiast and a desert dweller.
He was an undersized footman, with a long body and short legs.
He was apprehended — committed — tried — condemned.
He was astonished, but by no means dismayed.
He was astonished, pleased and impressed.
He was awake — wide awake — to what had been going forward.
He was awarded a first-class degree from the University of Cambridge
He was away three weeks.
He was beyond my skill to quiet or console!
He was bolder in the daylight — most men are.
He was completely unapologetic.
He was convicted of illegal harassment.
He was depressed, and was always feeling fed up.
He was determined now to maintain a more certain hold upon himself.
He was driving under the influence.
He was ejected but not conquered.
He was embellished with spectacles, and wore a white neckerchief.
He was excited and indignant.
He was exulting.
He was fatter than ever.
He was fond of quoting a fragment from a certain poem.
He was full of joy and attention.
He was gobsmacked to be awarded the first prize.
He was half crank, half genius, but he was wholly honest.
He was holding a a minuscule antique copper coin.
He was in earnest: in love, really.
He was indicating left, but he turned in the opposite direction.
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what.
He was laid up with an attack of rheumatism.
He was loving it!
He was manifestly distressed by my coming.
He was mortified to be bested by a little girl.
He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me.
He was my late master: that is his portrait over the fireplace.
He was not pretty then, Ellen: oh, no!
He was not to be found.
He was open to conviction.
He was pressing beyond the limits of his vocabulary.
He was removed by night.
He was riding, in imagination, some desperate steeplechase at that moment.
He was severely wounded.
He was sheer brain, icy, cool, calculating, as ruthless as a steam hammer.
He was silent.
He was sitting on the fence, as usual.
He was smoking a long clay pipe and studying the water with spectacled eyes.
He was smooth-shaven, and his hair and eyes were black.
He was so well seasoned, that it was mere child’s play.
He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble names.
He was struck motionless and speechless.
He was studying the history of the trade union movement
He was sure, now, of but few things.
He was the founder of a now-defunct journal.
He was the leader, and Tudor was his lieutenant.
He was the man of action among fumblers.
He was the soul of devotion to his employers.
He was their leader, and he felt it.
He was trying his hardest, but kept forgetting things.
He was unable to explain why he had been drinking and driving
He was undecided.
He was unfairly classified as an economic migrant.
He was very fond of animals and kept many kinds of pets.
He was very fond of pickled walnuts, gentlemen.
He was wearing a dressing gown over his pyjamas
He was working every day from Monday to Friday
He was worth nothing to the world.
He was wounded in the arm.
He was, indeed, every inch a king.
He washed, and was cured.
He wasn't able to appreciate the picture’s value.
He watched me with a smile.
He weighed out the sausages carefully on the scale.
He went anyway, despite my warning.
He went down in midstream, searching the shadows of both shores.
He went to the tobacconists to buy a packet of cigarettes
He will be glad to give you some.
He will be in London at five.
He will follow us soon.
He will, when he learns my true feelings towards him.
He woke to a bright, pale dawn.
He wondered, too, where Roscoe was.
He won’t stand beating.
He wore rather long trousers, with turn-ups
He would destroy all things that are fixed.
He would first hunt up Gregson and begin his work there.
He would keep his faith with Gregson for the promised day or two.
He would keep running off the path hunting for ginger-roots.
He would never admit it, but he did spill the wine.
He would soon find the man.
He would stay at home, which was what they wanted.
He would try the signal again.
He would withdraw the expression he had just made use of.
He wrote last week to hurry my return.
He'll knock you off a few sticks in no time.
He'll never do a tap of work the whole Voyage.
He's a — a meat dog," said the girl.
He's been living it up for too long.
He's in critical condition.
He's not really entering into the spirit of things.
He's such a lovable character.
He's terribly touchy about his black wards, as he calls them.
Head west toward New York.
Healthcare in the United Kingdom is provided by the National Health Service
Hear the Indian dogs wailing down at Churchill.
Hear, hear!’ cried Mr. Weller, in the excitement of his feelings.
Hearthrug, near the fender.
Heathcliff advanced to the hearth.
Heathcliff approached the fire, where my mistress and I stood silent.
Heathcliff gazed after him, and sighed.
Heathcliff is my daughter-in-law,’ said Heathcliff, corroborating my surmise.
Heathcliff kicked his to the same place.
Heathcliff knew he could plead eloquently for Catherine’s company, then.
Heathcliff was hard to discover, at first.
Heathcliff went up once, to show her Linton’s will.
Heathcliff — I shudder to name him!
Heathcliff, I shall die!
Heathcliff, as I thought, walked through to the barn.
Heathcliff, let me go home!
Heathcliff, what are you about, raising this stir?
Heathcliff, why don’t you evince satisfaction at my pleasant news?
Heavy snowfalls that winter made the roads impassable by late February
Helen and Frances are in charge of the flower rota
Helen, can you please stop winding your sister up?
Hell, that's what I want too.
Hello hello. Why is this thing not working?
Help me and I will help you.
Help! All the automated tests are failing!
Help! It's the beast from the deep.
Help, help! — The sharks!
Henry dived headfirst into the stream.
Her achievements with cocoanuts were a revelation.
Her affections had continually been fluctuating but never without an object.
Her answer was warmly in his favour.
Her aunt asked her, smilingly, how she liked it.
Her aunt now called her to look at a picture.
Her autobiography received international recognition.
Her beautiful hair was done up in shining coils.
Her behaviour to my dear Charlotte is charming.
Her birthday is shortly after Christmas, at the beginning of January
Her brother, who loved her tenderly, was appalled at this fantastic preference.
Her colour changed, and she said no more.
Her concept album didn't work out that well.
Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved.
Her cutting was simplicity itself.
Her daughter's hospital tests were negative.
Her debut album was quite stunning.
Her ease and good spirits increased.
Her eyes smiled truth at him as he came up the bank.
Her eyes were fixed on mine.
Her face was against his breast.
Her face was buried in her hands.
Her feelings as she read were scarcely to be defined.
Her fringe was so long that her hair got into her eyes
Her garments rustled as she rushed towards the door.
Her gray eyes were flashing, and her lips were quivering.
Her hair has a central parting
Her hair matches her outfit.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
Her inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered.
Her jewelery shimmered.
Her ladyship's carriage is regularly ordered for us.
Her liveliness had never been worse timed.
Her mileometer told her that she had only travelled ten miles
Her mind was less difficult to develop.
Her mobile phone stopped working.
Her mother made money by working day and night for over a year
Her mother only scolded her for being nonsensical.
Her mother would talk of her views in the same intelligible tone.
Her mouth opened, but instead of speaking she drew a long sigh.
Her next appointment is in May.
Her nose wants character — there is nothing marked in its lines.
Her own betrayal of herself was like tonic to Philip.
Her own thoughts were employing her.
Her paw went into your eye?
Her polo neck jumper is very stylish
Her presentation was fantastic!
Her purse was of leather, with a diamante clasp.
Her reflections were in general satisfactory.
Her report was highly favourable.
Her sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted.
Her sorrows were known to man; her virtues to God.
Her unexpected award was really the icing on the cake
Her waters broke so she was taken to the maternity assessment ward.
Her words sent a strange chill through Philip.
Her writing betrays her warped sense of priorities.
Here Alice ventured to interrupt him.
Here am I in the Fleet Prison.
Here are the other things I used to deceive you.
Here comes Hill!
Here comes the cavalry.
Here consequently was an inexhaustible subject of discourse.
Here he comes now, so you can see for yourself.
Here he got a fresh thrill.
Here it is, written out.
Here the Red Queen began again.
Here the explosion of mirth drowned him out.
Here the friends, for a short time, separated.
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Here there was a frightful relapse.
Here there was another pause.
Here we allow our solicitors to look after our legal work.
Here we are at last.
Here you are, sir.
Here, at any rate, I could get early news of my enemies.
Here, in the midmorning, the first casualty occurred.
Here, let me show you again.
Here, take a little wine.
Here, you fellows, hold him!
Here’s the coach.
Here’s the dinner.
Here’s your servant, Sir.
Hesitating causes delay.
Hesitation formed no part of Mr. Alfred Jingle’s character.
Hey! Did you see that?
Hey! This mashed potato is all grey and lumpy!
He’d be capable of coming to seek me, to tease Edgar.
He’ll be distressed already.
He’ll kill somebody!
He’ll not venture a single syllable all the time!
He’ll speak to me.
He’s a bird of bad omen: no mate for you.
He’s a grand lad!
He’s a human being,’ I said.
He’s a lying fiend!
He’s a pretty little darling when he’s good.
He’s an Anglo-Saxon Messenger—and those are Anglo-Saxon attitudes.
He’s bitten — and so is Charlie.
He’s changed, I dare say.
He’s close to the door.
He’s considering — he’d rather I’d come to him!
He’s delightful company, that man is.
He’s doing his very utmost; but his constitution defies him.
He’s dreaming nothing dreary.
He’s drunk.
He’s gone mad!
He’s good and patient now.
He’s got over it.
He’s immensely rich, my dear.
He’s just been a week at the job.
He’s my godfather, and one of the best going.
He’s my lawyer, of Gray’s Inn.
He’s not dead; Doctor Kenneth thinks he may last another day.
He’s opposed to us; he leads on the other side.
He’s taller than I am!
He’s the man for a difficult question at law.
He’s throwing his toys out the pram again
He’s turning the corner.
High tide there was at ten on the ninth of June.
Hindley and I held it a favourite spot twenty years before.
Hindley descended more leisurely, sobered and abashed.
Hindley is a detestable substitute — his conduct to Heathcliff is atrocious.
Hindley was not there.
Hindley, do take warning.
His abnormal power of vision made abstractions take on concrete form.
His abode at the Heights was an oppression past explaining.
His acting is flawless.
His admiration of the widow increased as she spoke.
His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
His arguments were brief but satisfactory.
His bark is worse than his bite.
His beady black eyes saw bargains where other men saw bankruptcy.
His behaviour was attentive and kind to the utmost.
His blood grew hot with rage at the thought.
His body was much bent, and his face was wrinkled and yellow.
His brow darkened during the recital.
His bruise looked nasty, and was swelling rapidly.
His cagoule kept him perfectly dry even though it was pouring with rain
His central heating had stopped working,
His character was decided.
His character was to speak for itself.
His chin dropped as he stared at me.
His clothes are really outrageous. He's a one-off
His countenance had resumed its usual benign expression, ere he concluded.
His countenance rather gained in austerity; and he scarcely opened his lips.
His debts to be discharged, and something still to remain!
His doing so drew her notice.
His explanation having already been partially made, was soon concluded.
His explanation was quite unsatisfactory.
His eyes never took themselves for an instant from his companion's face.
His face brightened up, and he began to feel quite convivial.
His face carried an expression of surprise or concern.
His face was streaming with blood.
His face was very clean, and he had carefully combed his hair
His favourite film was Groundhog Day
His first impression was that his coat had been stolen.
His followers rose as one man.
His fresh rosiness of yesterday seemed tarnished.
His freshly caught furs he flung to the floor.
His general description is easily abridged.
His had first-rate qualities, and they are lost: rendered worse than unavailing.
His hand shot out and clutched Crooked-Leg by the neck.
His head was quite bulging out at the top with brains.
His head was sunk upon his bosom; and he slumbered again.
His immaculate appearance was gone.
His infernal chattering worries me even now as I think of it.
His intention was rapidly communicated.
His journey is too important for the ordinary boat-train.
His kind had put the bullet in the man.
His knife, I made certain, had skewered Scudder to the floor.
His letters of advice and consolation entertained me vastly.
His lips were bloodless, and his bones sharp and thin.
His love of nature made it a foregone conclusion that he would study biology
His missus dies, and leaves him four hundred pound.
His mode of proceeding was professional, but peculiar.
His mouth opened; words shaped vainly on his lips.
His name was Marmaduke Jopley, and he was an offence to creation.
His nearest way lay through the churchyard.
His newborn cunning gave him poise and control.
His nonsensical rambling obscures the real reason for his actions.
His office was on the top floor of C building.
His organs of vision had been closed nearly twenty seconds.
His outstretched arm dropped to his side, and he paused.
His partners had starved and died on the Stewart.
His plan did not vary on seeing them.
His post was delivered through the letterbox in his front door
His previous wives had never lived long enough to bear him children.
His problem is that he can't forgive and forget
His psychology is good.
His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind.
His revenge would have been complete indeed.
His reward should have been peace and repose.
His rubbish was taken away in the dustcart
His sat nav was mounted to his vehicle dashboard
His shopping expedition had cost him seventeen pounds, ninety-eight pence
His sisters were fine women, with an air of decided fashion.
His slim fingers closed like steel about Philip's.
His slim hands gripped the edges of the table.
His spirits were elastic; his good-humour was restored.
His struggles grew fainter.
His talk of guards that would skin their own grandmothers was all billy-o.
His teeth shut with a last click.
His visitor observed the look, and proceeded.
His voice sounded a little rough.
His voice was passionately rebellious.
His whimsical blue eyes seemed to go very deep.
His words seemed to imply it.
Hoardings are panels used to display outdoor advertisements
Hold on for just a second.
Hold tight, or you'll lose it!
Hold your noise!
Hold your tongue, you foul-mouthed thief, you!
Hold your tongue.
Holding his pocket handkerchief before his streaming eyes.
Honest people don’t hide their deeds.
Honestly! What possessed him to do that?
Honey and fair speeches, and then a stroke in the dark.
Horses and rifles had been her toys, camp and trail her nursery.
Horses, dogs, and drink had brought him there, pell-mell.
Hospitals are a necessary part of any city's infrastructure.
Hot water smells quite different from cold water.
Hourglasses and egg timers are fascinating.
House on witch Dorothy looked, and gave a little cry of fright.
How I laughed!
How I long to see her!
How I longed for a good pony!
How I thank Him for having taken our boy!
How I was courted!
How I was praised!
How I wish I was one of them!
How I writhed, and yawned, and nodded, and revived!
How about my heart? asked the Tin Woodman.
How acutely did she now feel it!
How am I going to solve my snoring problem?
How am I to love papa?
How are her vitals?
How are they even to be discovered?
How are you at the Grange?
How are you?
How big is the Endangered Species List?
How brave they’ll all think me at home!
How can I cross the desert?
How can I get there?
How can I get to her castle?
How can she do so?
How can the data have become corrupted?
How can the government run the country if they ignore families?
How can they suit each other?
How can we ever show ourselves in society?
How can you deliberately get up such paltry falsehoods?
How can you learn lessons in here?
How can you manage all alone, Mr Young.
How can you possibly think that? she shouted
How changed I found him, even in those few days!
How cold is the Antarctic winter?
How could I answer the question on the spur of the moment.
How could he explain his possession of the sketch.
How could his will be disregarded?
How could it be otherwise?
How could you have possibly lost all that money?
How could you think of returning in this way?
How dare you address me as 'dear Sir', Sir?
How dare you get out of prison!
How dare you touch me?
How dare you, under my roof?
How delightful it will be to have him for a playfellow!
How devoutly he wished he could!
How did you find me?
How did you get me out?
How did you happen to be here?
How did you manage to escape the great Wildcat?
How did you produce this?
How differently did everything now appear in which he was concerned!
How do I close this window?
How do I get to Tenth Avenue?
How do I go about preparing asparagus?
How do I grow a tomato plant?
How do I know if I am experiencing a heart attack?
How do we know whom he is deceiving there?
How do you contrive to live here without them?
How do you do, my Lord?
How do you feel now?
How do you feel?
How do you know she wasn’t thirsty too?
How do you sell them?
How do you sew?
How do you take your tea?
How does my voice sound?
How does your wager look now.
How dreary to meet death, surrounded by their cold faces!
How far is it to the Castle of Glinda? asked the child.
How far is it to the Emerald City? the girl asked.
How fast is your motorbike?
How foolish to reveal those talons to him.
How funny it’ll seem coming out among people that walk with their heads downward!
How good it was in you, my dear Mr. Bennet!
How happy you look.
How hard can it be?
How has he been living?
How have you been?
How he lived I know not.
How he must have felt it!
How humiliating is this discovery!
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark.
How is Joe?’ ‘Very well,’ replied the old gentleman.
How is bread made? ‘I know that!’ Alice cried eagerly.
How is such a man to be worked on?
How it could occur a second time, therefore, was very odd!
How it hurts one’s shoulder, though.
How lucky it was you brought away that wonderful Cap!
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
How many chapters have you read?
How many days are there in a year?
How many layers do we need?
How many meters are in ten yards?
How many more iterations are we going to need?
How many parking spots are available?
How many yards are there are in a mile, or metres in a kilometre?
How much money is in my savings account?
How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!
How much was it.
How much water is left in the reservoir?
How must I quit her?
How nice and soft it sounds!
How nice it would be if we could get through into Looking-glass House!
How often am I to call you?
How often does she win at roulette?
How old are you really?
How old are you, daddy.
How old are you, mother.
How puzzling all these changes are!
How queer everything is to-day!
How shall we cross the river?
How shall we get down?
How she does stare!
How should I?
How strange it all is!
How strange this is!
How strong you are!
How stupid of me!
How surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am!
How that word would have struck to my heart, many years ago!
How the devil can it have got known?
How the devil can you dream of fawning on me?
How the devil could it be otherwise in her frightful isolation?
How the devil is he so like?
How they all came out of it Alice couldn’t guess.
How they managed together, I can’t tell.
How they tore along!
How they would laugh at me!
How thorough is this investigation going to be?
How those three proud, overbearing brothers humbled themselves before me!
How to build a snowman.
How to deal with a rabid dog.
How to debone a chicken.
How to freeze fruit and vegetables.
How to make an edible fruit bouquet.
How to make pancakes.
How valiantly I went at it that first day.
How very odd to find trees growing here!
How was he ever elected President?
How was it that you appeared to me as a great Head?
How was that possible?
How was your trip to Shanghai?
How well it sounds!
How will you take it, ungrateful brute?
How wonderfully these sort of things occur!
How would you compare the two?
How would you describe a giraffe?
How would you like bugs to be reported?
How would you like to live in Looking-glass House, Kitty?
How would you suggest we overcome that?
How'd the operation go?
How, then, are we to find her? enquired the girl.
However, Catherine would not be persuaded into tranquillity.
However, don’t be discouraged.
However, he consented to go on.
However, he was not going to rouse him from his sleep.
However, it must be acknowledged, she had faults to foil her gifts.
However, that is not to the present purpose — there are other rooms.
However, that’s neither here nor there.
However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try Geography.
However, the dogs gave notice of my approach.
However, we’ll be friends now.
However, ‘jurymen’ would have done just as well.
Human nature is so prone to fall into it!
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors marched across the dusty plain.
Hurrah for the madhouse!
Hurricane conditions are possible within the next three days.
Hurricane season is a time of worry for many who live on the coast.
Hurricanes, forest fires and floods are a problem in parts of the United States.
Hurry up, or the balloon will fly away.
Husband on one side, wife on the other.
Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
Hush, child, hush!
Hush, hush, Catherine!
Hush, my darling!
Hymn for Christmas Day.
I accepted him, Nelly.
I actually felt light-hearted.
I ain’t the man to spoil a bit of sport.
I almost forgive you the fright you gave me!
I almost got up and shouted.
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different.
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!
I also understand that similar branch organizations have made their appearance in Europe.
I always forget halfway through a story why I started telling it.
I always have a bag of crisps with my lunch
I always like to help anyone in trouble.
I always lust for the latest and best gadgets.
I always peel apples before eating them.
I always store my toothbrush in the toothmug.
I am Caucasian.
I am Oz, the Great and Terrible.
I am Polish.
I am a clothes sewer.
I am a humbug.
I am a man of business.
I am a university graduate.
I am afraid I shall never have any brains, after all!
I am all astonishment.
I am all tired out.
I am always glad to get a young person well placed out.
I am ashamed of you.
I am ashamed to have been betrayed into this warmth of feeling.
I am aware of the risks.
I am bound to say Scudder played up splendidly when he came to breakfast.
I am by myself.
I am confident that she would have performed delightfully.
I am determined to maintain contact with my children.
I am excessively attentive to all those things.
I am fascinated by the intricacies of woodcarving.
I am feeling shattered.
I am getting old, Tom, and have lost nearly all my nails.
I am glad he is gone.
I am going away myself. No, no, nonsense, Lizzy.
I am going blind in one eye.
I am going to Oz to get my brains at last.
I am going to need more information from you
I am going to surprise father, and you will go with Pierre.
I am going to try drilling for oil.
I am happy to be of assistance
I am happy — and papa, dear, dear papa!
I am having severe chest pains.
I am heartily glad to see him, notwithstanding.
I am just able to walk with one crutch.
I am lactose intolerant.
I am no robber.
I am not afraid of being overpowered by the impression.
I am not afraid of her dying.
I am not equal to it.
I am not qualified to form one.
I am not romantic, you know; I never was.
I am only a Scarecrow, stuffed with straw.
I am perfectly serious in my refusal.
I am really a wild beast, you know.
I am satisfied.
I am sick of them all.
I am so dreadfully frightened.
I am so grieved for him!
I am sorry it went off.
I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone.
I am sorry to say it of them, but so it is.
I am sure it must have been some adventure.
I am sure my sisters must all envy me.
I am sure there is not on his.
I am sure you must feel it so.
I am the Witch of the North.
I am the new County Road Surveyor.
I am tired of being such a humbug.
I am very confident, Sir.
I am very glad to hear it.
I am very glad you have somebody who thinks of these things.
I am very grateful to you, and shall never forget your kindness.
I am very, very sorry.
I am writing these lines in Honolulu, Hawaii.
I appeal to Mr. Darcy: — but let me not interrupt you, Sir.
I apprehend you Pickwick!
I arose obediently and went down the beach.
I asked a few idiotic questions, and they soon kicked me out.
I asked for Mr Appleton, and was ushered in.
I asked if Mr. Heathcliff were at home?
I asked if the master was in?
I asked the reason.
I asked, as he departed, if he went to Gimmerton?
I assure you it is through no settled designs.
I assure you there is nothing.
I ate a huge sandwich this morning.
I attended the inquest next day.
I awoke instantly.
I back our Kennet any day against the Test.
I beat the world record!
I beg to differ
I beg you will not go.
I beg your pardon for the observations I made just now.
I beg your pardon, Sir.
I began at the very beginning.
I began to detect an ally.
I began to see what an ass I had been to steal the car.
I believe I have now told you every thing.
I believe everything out of the common.
I believe him to be Lady Catherine's nephew.
I believe that there are tens of thousands of different species of beetle
I believe we are due to meet in committee room seven.
I believed, at one time, no lessons could teach her that!
I bet she's pregnant!
I blew my whistle.
I bought my wife a Bouquet of flowers.
I bounded forward, and clutched her by the arm.
I bowed and waited, thinking she would bid me take a seat.
I came for information more out of curiosity than anything else.
I can anticipate all you will say.
I can assure you that there is nothing to fear
I can detain you both, quite concealed, here.
I can hardly write for laughing.
I can hear the watchman.
I can imagine what you must have felt.
I can imitate any kind of a bird or beast.
I can recall nothing worse.
I can recollect its chief incidents, as far as she had gone.
I can recommend the soup.
I can see my house from here!
I can see that knife now.
I can sleep anywhere.
I can speak French, but I would prefer to be able to speak German
I can't argue with you, and you know that.
I can't believe what they're saying.
I can't find my way anywhere!
I can't go elsewhere, by your own account.
I can't positively identify this compound.
I can't recollect whether I've ever been up in a hot air balloon.
I can't see clearly.
I can't swim.
I can't tolerate lying.
I can't understand that
I can't wait for Father Christmas to come and fill my stocking
I can't wait for summer!
I can't wait for the advent of self driving cars.
I can't wait!
I can't wear those trousers; the zip’s broken
I cannot blame myself for having done thus much.
I cannot consent to get up, in this state of uncertainty.
I cannot do justice to his kindness.
I cannot escort you.
I cannot follow you, she said.
I cannot live without my life!
I cannot make it out.’ ‘It’s my secret'.
I cannot quite agree with you there.
I cannot recognise any sentiment which those around share with me.
I cannot tell you how grateful I am.
I cannot think so very ill of Wickham.
I can’t allow things to go on in this way.
I can’t bear it any longer
I can’t eat my dinner.
I can’t endure you!
I can’t even understand the preamble to this research paper.
I can’t explain why, but it is a fact.
I can’t fancy him.
I can’t get over it.
I can’t tell how he knew of it, unless he listened.
I can’t, gentlemen.
I care for my elderly mother.
I care for nothing in comparison with papa.
I care nothing for your sufferings.
I clung desperately to the words of Peter.
I command you to obey him as you would me.
I completed my evidence ten days ago in Paris.
I completely failed to tame the wild horses.
I compliment you on your taste.
I confronted three pairs of eyes that missed nothing.
I congratulate her.
I congratulate you on your feathers.
I convinced them that you had crossed the hill.
I could carry you in my basket.
I could hardly help laughing aloud sometimes.
I could hardly keep my countenance.
I could have sworn that we own a frying pan.
I could have told you that a month ago.
I could hear them kicking over the barrels and pulling up the rotten planking.
I could make nothing of that.
I could not agree with Ernest.
I could not bear the employment.
I could not find the activity in my Schedule.
I could not half tell what an infernal house we had.
I could not keep up this roadmaking business for long.
I could see one of the two occupants examining me through glasses.
I couldn't care less what happens.
I couldn't see the car's number plate, so can't tell you its registration number
I couldn't tell whether there were thirty or forty birds in the flock
I couldn’t abide to be present at their meeting.
I couldn’t count the number of falls I’ve had.
I couldn’t succeed till everything she knew was out.
I courted her under singular circumstances.
I crawled down the broken ladder, scattering chaff behind me to cover my footsteps.
I crossed the street, whistling gaily and imitating the jaunty swing of the milkman.
I dare not leave the house alone.
I dare not stay, lest that notion should possess his wicked head!
I dare say there may be one.
I dared not enter.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!
I defy any man to get a Solomon Island sore in California.
I delivered Catherine’s message.
I demand it!
I demanded my release.
I depart again tomorrow.
I described, and enforced them earnestly.
I determined to watch his movements.
I detested him just then.
I did as I was bidden.
I did give him some lessons about snivelling.
I did have to cut a few corners.
I did not attempt it.
I did not expect such a compliment. Did not you?
I did not give him very close attention.
I did not recall that they had been at all.
I did not think you would be so early.
I did not.
I did this for years; long, long years they were.
I did up the bundle again, and put the paper conspicuously beside it.
I didn't anticipate having to do everything in my own
I didn't know you played the guitar!
I didn't realise that owls are nocturnal.
I didn’t blame him.
I didn’t feel like going back to my flat.
I didn’t get on so badly when it came to my turn.
I didn’t like to hear him talk!
I didn’t take long to guess what it was.
I didn’t tell a tale.
I dismissed the servants.
I distinguished a moor-sheep cropping the short turf on the graves.
I do hate him — I am wretched — I have been a fool!
I do hope there's an index in this textbook.
I do not blame you for anything; remember that.
I do not get on at all.
I do not propose to let you go.
I do not trust my own partiality.
I do so wish I could see that bit!
I do wish he’d come.
I do wonder what can have happened to me!
I don't believe for one second that consumer protections stifle innovation.
I don't believe the stated motive for the attack.
I don't care who kills her.
I don't disagree.
I don't doubt it!
I don't gamble much, but I do enjoy roulette.
I don't have a fiver. Can you change a tenner?
I don't know what his number is: he's ex-directory
I don't know why you're here at all.
I don't know, I'm sure.
I don't know; we'll just have to suck it and see
I don't like the look of that. It may be be a tax dodge.
I don't like this game, can we play another?
I don't like your country, although it is so beautiful.
I don't really like the flavour of Smarties
I don't think that's relevant.
I don't think we've met before, have we?
I don't think you understand what I'm trying to teach you.
I don't understand; can you translate the instructions?
I don't want to lose this game.
I don’t care for butter; I prefer margarine.
I don’t care if you tell him,’ said he.
I don’t deny it.
I don’t find circus clowns to be at all funny.
I don’t hate you.
I don’t hold by it.
I don’t know that I can think of any.
I don’t know what to do with him.
I don’t like you standing over me.
I don’t love you!
I don’t suppose he would recognise me again.
I don’t think I’ll get very far.
I don’t think my father would approve
I don’t think there’s much the matter with him myself.
I don’t want proofs.
I don’t want to be anybody’s prisoner.
I don’t want to be troubled with more sickness here.
I don’t want to get involved, and I don't intend to.
I don’t want you to speak.
I don’t want you, Edgar: I’m past wanting you.
I don’t wish it.
I doubt whether he’ll see spring, indeed.
I doubt whether that crash would have been survivable.
I dropped a bit of a clanger there.
I dropped out of sight behind the sky-line.
I endeavoured to stop her thoughtless tongue.
I enjoy having a quiet pint at a traditional British pub
I enjoyed that evening’s ride.
I ensconced myself just below the sill of the window, and lit the fuse.
I entered without knocking.
I entreated, and finally attempted to force her to retire.
I exclaimed that he had killed Linton, and I would enter.
I expect you to feel flattered.
I expected you to stay two months.
I explained the cypher, and he was jolly quick at picking it up.
I exported the model in json format.
I fancy she was wanted about the mince pies.
I fear it was wrong, though expedient.
I fear they're going to split up.
I fed him with—with—with Ham-sandwiches and Hay.
I feel I don’t deserve her.
I feel like a new man.
I feel like death! And she looked like it, too!
I fell upon my back.
I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach.
I felt friendly.
I felt the madness rising within me.
I felt unwell so I booked an appointment with the local G P.
I fetched them out of my trouser pocket and gave him them.
I find Norse and Celtic iconography fascinating.
I find duvets to be much more comfortable than blankets
I find radio programmes more interesting than television programmes
I find satirical comedy to be the most amusing.
I fixed on Galloway as the best place to go.
I flew into a rage.
I flit, I flee, I fly.
I flitted, I fled, I flew.
I flung her back, and hastened to interpose the table between us.
I followed the line of the proposed railroad, looking for chances.
I forgive what you have done to me.
I forgive you.
I forgot how easily I had taught myself from the printed page.
I found a couple of bobbies and an inspector busy making an examination.
I found it out at last though.
I found that Miss Darcy was expected to dinner.
I found the place.
I framed an excuse to go in.
I gathered from Scudder’s notes that nothing on earth could prevent that.
I gathered that he had no preference in parties.
I gave Scudder a full account of the affair, and it interested him greatly.
I gave her a little wine.
I gave him a sweet, to take away the trauma.
I gave him good morning and he answered me unsuspiciously.
I gazed round for a means of diverting her thoughts.
I glanced at it casually.
I go back tomorrow.
I got a book, and pretended to read.
I got a detonator, and fixed it to a couple of feet of fuse.
I got my door open and motioned him in.
I got the first hint in an inn in the Tyrol.
I got up and offered her my seat in the arm-chair.
I got up at four and opened my bedroom shutters.
I graduated last of my class.
I grappled the old chap, and the room seemed to fill with figures.
I grew up in Boston.
I guess by her silence, as much as anything, what she feels.
I had a crushing headache, and felt as sick as a cat.
I had a fine prospect of the whole ring of moorland.
I had a great revulsion of feeling, and felt a God-forgotten fool.
I had a long drink, and read the evening papers.
I had already entered upon my part.
I had been barking up the wrong tree this time.
I had been born with no organic, chemical predisposition toward alcohol.
I had been sad too long already.
I had been slack so long that almost any chance of activity was welcome.
I had begun to feel quite kindly towards the British police.
I had faith in them.
I had forgotten my threat.
I had forgotten their existence.
I had him out of bed — very grumpy.
I had lied to Paddock about him, and the whole thing looked desperately fishy.
I had lost all count of the days.
I had money.
I had never remarked there before; and he looked sparer in person.
I had never seen the great man before, and he had never seen me.
I had no alternative.
I had no real pal to go about with, which probably explains things.
I had not one.
I had not seen him approach, and the sudden appearance made me start.
I had not thought so very ill of him.
I had often seen him in love before.
I had read of such hideous incarnate demons.
I had risen in angry rebellion against Providence.
I had scarcely rung before the door opened.
I had to die.
I had used the stuff in Rhodesia and knew its power.
I hadn’t waited long till there came another ring at the bell.
I hate Mondays!
I hate him with an H, because he is Hideous.
I hate him!
I hate such false friends.
I hate the Homeowners' Association.
I hated that man with all a madman’s hate.
I have Celtic ancestry.
I have a Hispanic background
I have a Nordic walk booked for this morning.
I have a dreadful headache.
I have a feeling it isn’t a friendly ship.
I have a headache.
I have a high respect for your nerves.
I have a lot of transgender friends
I have a miniature statue.
I have a poodle, my sister has an Alsatian
I have a very fair turn of speed, and that night I had wings.
I have absolutely no idea what the professor meant.
I have already forgiven her.
I have an allergic reaction to this.
I have an earache
I have an iPhone; my girlfriend prefers Android
I have an important announcement
I have another reason for this step.
I have been doubly baptized.
I have been making believe.
I have been most highly gratified indeed, my dear Sir.
I have been robbed, sir, I amended.
I have been the victim of a conspiracy — a foul and base conspiracy.
I have been to Asia.
I have certainly meant well through the whole affair.
I have come here on purpose.
I have come to you for help.
I have done with you from this very day.
I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding.
I have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse.
I have hunted along this ridge, replied Philip.
I have judged for myself now, and am more than satisfied.
I have just had a letter from Jane, with such dreadful news.
I have long noted your thirst unquenchable.
I have made myself invisible.
I have many thousands of books on my bookshelves.
I have never traveled by train, what is it like?
I have no clue how to parse that sentence.
I have no idea, replied Philip.
I have no objections, I’m sure.
I have no pity!
I have no pleasure in talking to undutiful children.
I have no such injuries to resent.
I have not had a glimpse of one for weeks.
I have not killed anything.
I have not one word of comfort.
I have not that pain.
I have not the smallest hope.
I have nothing to forgive her, Ellen.
I have nothing to say just now.
I have previously read the book.
I have quoted Peter already in this narrative.
I have said enough.
I have seen myself that one man contemplated by Pascal's philosophic eye.
I have sent for you on an affair of importance.
I have struggled all my life, and I swear I'm no better.
I have this morning’s paper here.
I have three essays due in the next week.
I have to be careful of them, as they tear very easily.
I have to be there by March fifth.
I have to confess I don't know very much about string theory.
I have to take the New Jersey Turnpike every day to work.
I heard a whistle being blown, and the rush of men behind me.
I heard his very words — “I’ve got into a proper lather,” he said.
I heard the noise of the feet behind, and redoubled my speed.
I heard the tread of footsteps on the stairs.
I held him till the fit exhausted itself.
I hesitate to criticise.
I honestly can do it as and when.
I hope Franz will bear his triumph well.
I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good.
I hope I won't be sanctioned for that mistake.
I hope it will not come out when you are gone!
I hope it won't hurt you.
I hope my employer is going to pursue this matter.
I hope she will make good use of her convalescence.
I hope that he understood what I was saying.
I hope that won't be too much of a pain for you?
I hope there was informed consent when he signed the contract.
I hope there was.
I hope they will not meet at all.
I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time.
I hope you intend to keep your promise.
I hope you managed to sort out some of your problems.
I hope you never may.
I hope you will drink to our good journey.
I hope you will employ me, sir.
I hope your skills are up to scratch.
I hoped they were going to take up my tracks there.
I imagined her as little likely to die as myself.
I inherited an estate.
I inquired after their brother, of course.
I inquired of him if he had seen our young lady.
I insist on perfect sobriety and silence.
I insist, Sir.
I intend to read this book.
I just do appreciate it without being able to express my feelings.
I just don't need another rabbit. We have enough bunnies.
I just love chocolate chip cookies.
I just made this sentence up.
I just realized I left my keys in the door!
I keep telling you that genealogy doesn't have an ‘o’ in the middle.
I kept looking at their faces, but they conveyed nothing to me.
I kept my promise.
I kicked him in the right place.
I knew I was mad, but they did not even suspect it.
I knew but too well what all this meant.
I knew he would manage everything!
I knew how it would be.
I knew it!
I knew no strength could equal mine, and I was right.
I knew nothing at all of Lady Catherine's connections.
I knew nothing but the barest facts.
I knew something of the man, and he did several jobs for me.
I knew they told the truth — I knew it well.
I know he’ll be the death of you, ma’am.
I know it's urgent; I’ll get on to it straight away
I know its value, sir.
I know not what to think.
I know she is.
I know that ghosts have wandered on earth.
I know that you are in charge there, and Jeanne knows.
I know that you can't forget how I hurt you
I know them, and they are mad about working to a plan.
I know these things have been done.
I know they are my oysters.
I know we shall.
I know you both a great deal better than you know yourselves.
I laid my hand softly on her shoulder.
I laughed at the accident.
I lay a quarter of an hour listening and trembling.
I leaned forward again.
I learned it myself in English ships.
I leave all that here to you.
I left a note for you.
I left him there, and proceeded down the valley alone.
I left it downstairs.
I left the car at the garage.
I like it now though.
I like the taste of whole milk better than skimmed milk
I like to decorate my fairy cakes with hundreds-and-thousands
I like to speculate upon the glorious future of man.
I like your conversation much.
I like your looks; they please me.
I listened at Mr. Edgar’s door; all was silence.
I listened, and tossed about, and, finally, dressed and descended.
I live there with my grandmother.
I looked at my watch, and saw that it was half-past ten.
I looked at the clock, and it was nearly half-past ten.
I looked back, but there was nothing in the landscape.
I looked in the mirror.
I lost count.
I lost my balance and pitched head foremost into the ooze.
I love athletic activities.
I love cheese; my favourite is camembert.
I love maths almost as much as I love physics
I love my murderer — but yours!
I love rhythm and blues!
I love spicy Mexican food like tortillas.
I love sweetcorn, but not if it comes from a tin.
I love the beautiful colours of autumn, particularly September
I love the new logo!
I love to go mushrooming in my pyjamas and dressing gown.
I love to play chess and go, but I find draughts rather too trivial
I love to watch New Year's Eve fireworks.
I love traditional Cornish clotted cream
I love you too.
I loved that episode!
I made every allowance, for he had taken on a fairly stiff job.
I made no more overtures.
I made no reply, because I saw that he expected none.
I married her.
I may manage to freight a cargo back as well.
I may say this; it commenced in a quarrel.
I meet up with my ex-wife from time to time.
I might embroider that on a cushion.
I might have passed my whole life in the farmer's cornfield.
I might have to try two or three times.
I much prefer yoga than going to the gym
I must have been changed for Mabel!
I must have employment and society.
I must have two, you know—to come and go.
I must keep awake.
I must make a note of that for my new book.
I must now go back to Fairyland.
I must reach it first, and then I’ll rest.
I must see him tonight, for I faithfully promised to do so.
I nearly fell off my chair laughing
I nearly was fool enough to obey.
I need a big hug right now.
I need fifty ten-foot-long segments of wire.
I need one hundred dollars per person.
I need to buy an extension lead
I need to buy some more sanitary towels, she said
I need to find space for my hamster
I need to go to the gents quite urgently
I need to go to the library before my book is overdue.
I need to go to the lost property office. I’ve lost my keys
I need to hire a car over the weekend
I need to mow the grass.
I need to open this can. Do you have a tin opener?
I need to plug my computer into a power point
I need to post this letter. Is there a postbox nearby?
I need to refer to my notes at this point.
I need to reverse the charges, please
I needn’t disturb them; and I began to doze.
I needn’t repeat that, because you would call it silly.
I needn’t tell you to keep deadly quiet.
I never admired a man more than that butler.
I never allow what can't be changed to annoy me.
I never believed that the paragraph had any foundation, my dear — impossible.
I never considered what she did with herself after tea.
I never dreamt of his dying!
I never have forgotten it.
I never heard anything like it.
I never heard anything so abominable.
I never heard of such a thing.
I never in my life saw anything more elegant than their dresses.
I never met with anybody who delighted me so much.
I never saw anyone so shocked.
I never saw anything like her in my life.
I never saw such a chap eat and drink — never.
I never saw such a house for getting in the way!
I never saw such a long chin in my life.
I never saw the grandmother, so I guessed she was bedridden.
I never thought of that! said Dorothy, joyfully.
I never will!’ She paused, and resumed with a strange smile.
I nicked a few cough sweets from my husband.
I no longer felt inclined to call Heathcliff a capital fellow.
I nodded towards the window.
I noticed blood spouting from Kerfoot's left hand.
I noticed that all had pistols.
I noticed that its occupants carefully reversed it before leaving it.
I nursed her, poor thing!
I obeyed, and a minute or two later they stood before him.
I observed it once before, when I was in this town.
I offered an apple, but she wanted a toffee apple.
I often spend Sunday morning with my husband, reading the Sunday newspaper
I often tell my other girls they are nothing to her.
I often wonder what’s become of him.
I on the brink of the grave!
I only hope they may have half my good luck.
I only know that so it is.
I only read the quotations.
I only wish I knew the best way!
I opened it — it was very short.
I ought not to have said a word about it.
I overspent on my credit card
I pass over the miseries of that night among the wet hills.
I performed the burial service over her remains.
I persuaded him to take a walk this morning.
I picked up one, and found it was in working order.
I picked up the telephone book and looked up the number of his house.
I pity, though I cannot help blaming her.
I play that choice wide open to win.
I pondered this sentence painfully, after he was gone.
I practice clinical medicine.
I pray you will get well soon.
I prefer digital clocks to analog.
I prefer playing draughts to chess
I pretended to consider very deeply.
I proceeded nervously, very much against my better judgement.
I promised them so faithfully!
I pulled up a chair and sat down on it.
I pulled, suddenly, with all my might.
I put on my surliest face and shrugged my shoulders.
I questioned with myself — where must I turn for comfort?
I quickly released the animal, and lifted it into the garden.
I quite believe it.
I quite forgot!
I ran swiftly upstairs.
I rather fancied the chap.
I rather regret never having learned to play the cello.
I rather think Andy is a bit of a wide boy.
I read about it.
I really appreciate a good noir thriller.
I really cannot laugh at it.
I really can’t afford to spend so much
I really don't care for her attitude
I really don't fancy going out today.
I really enjoyed our little chat.
I really feared that she was going to shoot me.
I really fell for her.
I really felt for her.
I really like Deep Learning.
I really must get a thinner pencil.
I really must insist that he undertakes the investigation personally.
I really should try to get some more sleep.
I really wouldn't feel comfortable with that.
I received a court summons this morning.
I reckoned you’d ask for that, but I haven’t got it.
I recognised the quotation: it was about all the Latin I knew.
I recoiled in horror as I opened the curtains.
I refer my honourable friend to the answer I gave last week.
I refused to tell.
I regret not staying in touch with Roger.
I regretted the necessity, but it must be done.
I released the brakes just in time.
I remember her perfectly. Leave that rat alone, Jip!
I remember wondering if I could get a job in those parts.
I remembered the eyes.
I remembered the red wine of the Italian rancho, and shuddered inwardly.
I reminded myself that a week ago I had been finding the world dull.
I repudiate it with disdain — with indignation.
I requested collection upon delivery.
I require no assistance but yours.
I resolved to encourage him.
I resolved to kill her.
I respect your bravery.
I resumed my song; not having forgotten her recent behaviour.
I returned to my work.
I rode into the court.
I rose to follow, but he turned the lock again.
I rubbed a good deal of dirt into the sunburn of my cheeks.
I said I was sorry.
I said nothing of the contents.
I said we should draw water.
I said “What for?”’
I said, and dismissed the matter as not worth thinking about.
I sailed third mate in the little Vampire before you were born.
I sat down in that chilly darkness in a very miserable frame of mind.
I sat quite still and hopeless while the beat grew louder.
I saw Mr Pike nod his head grimly and sarcastically.
I saw a skulking little owl.
I saw an aged aged man, a-sitting on a gate.
I saw it all myself, and it was splendid.
I saw it all.
I saw it when she rolled.
I saw the advertisement on the way to work.
I saw the sudden change that came upon him beneath my gaze.
I saw three ships.
I saw what was coming, leapt on the seat and would have jumped out.
I saw you strike that gentleman hard.
I say nothing.
I see some good in this.
I see the imprudence of it.
I see, I see.
I seem to be developing a rash.
I sent Hareton out, and we had the room to ourselves.
I shall always remember it.
I shall be better presently.’ He closed his eyes.
I shall be here again in an hour.
I shall be incomparably beyond and above you all.
I shall be sorry for you.
I shall be under those larch-trees.
I shall die! Damn the fool!
I shall entreat his pardon for not having done it earlier.
I shall expect you every day — don’t disappoint me! — Isabella.
I shall go, notwithstanding.
I shall join you directly.
I shall like it of all things.
I shall never forget her appearance this morning.
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
I shall not be able to keep you — and so I warn you.
I shall not feel it at all.
I shall not mind it, for I can't get tired.
I shall not pity you, not I.
I shall not scold, but I don’t like your conduct there.
I shall not soon forget the effect my action produced.
I shall not stay.
I shall save by it, you know.
I shall see her again!
I shall see her in January.
I shall write again as soon as anything more is determined on.
I shan’t be long. There he goes!
I shook it, and it seemed rather flimsy.
I shook my head reprovingly, and then she blushed and whispered.
I shook my head, and went meditating into the house.
I should be available this afternoon
I should be sent to prison, I suppose, when the day came.
I should like to be climbing up there!
I should like to engage just for one whole life in that.
I should like to see it.
I should scarcely have known you: you look like a lady now.
I should very much like to see that system in action.
I shouldn’t be Mrs. Linton were such a price demanded!
I shouldn’t care what you suffered.
I shout that every single day!
I showed another, keeping it out of his reach.
I simply could not accept his hospitality on false pretences.
I simply stared at him and stuttered.
I slackened speed some yards off and walked briskly up to the door.
I smell a fight — six bad scoundrels fighting against one brave man.
I smell trouble.
I smoked in a chair till daylight, for I could not sleep.
I snapped the switch, but there was nobody there.
I snatched it away, however, and seized his arm.
I speak feelingly.
I spent a warm and peaceful afternoon.
I spent it profusely.
I spoke to him, and got an answer in the soft dialect of Essex.
I squeezed the tighter.
I stand my head only very occasionally.
I stared full at him, and laughed scornfully.
I stayed at Cambridge for my Ph D.
I stayed at my post till five o’clock.
I stuffed my fishing-rod into his jaws, and I had a pistol.
I suffer from arthritis.
I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome.
I suppose I shall hear a knock here.
I suppose I was born that way.
I suppose so.
I suppose you picked that lingo up among the Indians.
I suppose you wonder why she is coming up here.
I suppose you won’t run away meanwhile, eh?
I supposed it one of the maids, and I cried.
I take loads of selfies.
I talked freely when that man was here.
I talked to one of the guides – very knowledgeable.
I tell you I am disgusted with this adventure tomfoolery and rot.
I tell you I’m fair sick of it.
I tender an apology.
I thank you for explaining it so fully.
I think I might be adopted.
I think I'll order the pulled pork in a bun.
I think I’ll wait.
I think Machine Learning is great.
I think Machine Translation will get better with time.
I think Mark coined that phrase first.
I think a sequential model can solve this problem.
I think he may be one of my great uncles.
I think he may be trying to slide out of it.
I think he’ll be all right. He’s very solid.
I think his object was to clear you if anything happened.
I think it's much nicer to quarrel.
I think she's organising some sort of do.
I think that will cure her, my boy.
I think the solution is obvious.
I think we have to agree that he didn't mean it.
I think we may assume that he has every detail stamped on his mind.
I think we'd better keep mum about that.
I think we’re in a strong position
I think you’re a fake, Jip.
I think you’ve dropped your hair slide
I thought I liked you, though you were cross at first.
I thought I should have died.
I thought I was lying in my chamber at Wuthering Heights.
I thought he meant for her sickness, so I answered 'yes'.
I thought he probably had some kind of graft with the constabulary.
I thought he wished it.
I thought him very sly; — he hardly ever mentioned your name.
I thought it looked a little queer.
I thought it was the regular rule.
I thought of the little black book in my pocket!
I thought often of this, but I gave it up at last.
I thought so.
I thought that her new novel was absolutely hopeless. Complete rubbish
I thought we never should have got into the coach.
I thought you had dropped that rot.
I told Mrs. Collins so before you came.
I told my sister Phillips so the other day.
I told something of the military plans of my Government.
I told the story well, though I say it who shouldn’t.
I told you it would come in handy.
I told you the food stank.
I took Sir Walter to town by the Bath Road and made good going.
I took it from his hand, and touched the blade.
I took my head in my hands and thought.
I took my place at the table in a kind of dream.
I took up one, and found that it crumbled easily in my hand.
I touched his hand, and spoke.
I travelled with half a dozen in an atmosphere of shag and clay pipes.
I tried for hours, but none of the words answered.
I tried to read George Moore last night, and was dreadfully bored.
I trust they intend to inform us about their plans.
I turned, and saw two men-servants who had me covered with pistols.
I twisted the two, and enclosed them together.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
I understand we have a board meeting on Tuesday
I use Flickr to store most of my important photographs online
I use great trouble advisedly.
I use my iPad more than my laptop
I used colouring pencils to get the subtle colours in the sky.
I used to live in Saint Bernard Parish.
I very much appreciate the trouble you've been taking
I very much doubt that that will make any difference.
I waited for a bit, and then started to explore the cupboard shelves.
I want my men to work by themselves.
I want that duck you’ve got — and the pig too.
I want to be a published author when I grow up.
I want to die in it.
I want to frighten him.
I want to have one word with her — your mistress.
I want to help him.
I want to know how all this is possible.
I want to know what I should do.
I want to learn Zoology.
I want to plug my lawnmower into mains power
I want you to consider my suggestion carefully.
I want you to wake up and listen to me
I wanted some time to myself, so I invented a job for him.
I wanted to see what Africa was like — I have relatives there.
I was Hump, cabin boy on the schooner Ghost.
I was about to do this when cooler judgment prevailed.
I was accepted into Harvard!
I was amazed by its heavenly geometry.
I was astonished by his lack of maturity
I was beneath the water, suffocating and drowning.
I was bequeathed the statuette in my grandmother's will.
I was born on January first, nineteen seventy.
I was brought up the way most girls in Hawaii are brought up.
I was completely lost in my work.
I was delayed for almost an hour because of roadworks
I was fairly mad at him.
I was going to do my wrapping tonight.
I was hoping for the next dance.
I was hoping you might be able to assist me with an acquisition.
I was in New York when the crash came.
I was in the soup — that was pretty clear.
I was near the cabin, and saw you.
I was never more annoyed!
I was no longer hungry, and let several courses pass untasted.
I was not to cry out in the face of fear.
I was on the phone when I saw the violin guy.
I was only made the day before yesterday.
I was out of patience with her folly!
I was permitted to say so much.
I was pretty certain that I had to deal with a madman.
I was rapidly getting into a very bad temper.
I was ready to die of laughter.
I was right, therefore, my last letter had never reached her.
I was sick once -- typhoid.
I was so vexed to see him stand up with her!
I was staking all on getting to Queen Anne’s Gate.
I was standing by the kitchen-window, but I drew out of sight.
I was still weak from my prolonged immersion.
I was stuck in traffic all day!
I was surprised to see Heathcliff there also.
I was the only one who remained sitting.
I was too cunning for them, madman as they thought me.
I was trained in the dark arts of assembly coding.
I was uncomfortable enough, I may say unhappy.
I was very glad to find it was you.
I was wondering you hadn’t got some too.
I wasn’t any kind of Sherlock Holmes.
I wasn’t feeling very confident.
I watch more Netflix now, and less terrestrial television
I watched the concert live.
I watched them, from the window, walk down the garden.
I watched to catch his impressions in his countenance.
I well remember delivering the letter to him.
I went downstairs.
I will be at the triathlon.
I will eat sea bass for dinner.
I will expect a response before Wednesday
I will have no reserves from you.
I will not be alarmed though your sister does play so well.
I will not detain you.
I will not tell you what it is.
I will now accept questions from the floor.
I will only add, God bless you.
I will peck his eyes out.
I will put on my things in a moment.
I will read you the passage which particularly hurts me.
I will remember, if I can!
I will see it done.
I will speak plainer, if you wish it.
I will speak to her about it directly.
I will take care of myself, and of Mr. Wickham too.
I will tell you my story, and then you will know.
I will write to my sister Gardiner about them directly.
I wish Chee-Chee were here.
I wish I could call her amiable.
I wish I could see her.
I wish I were out of doors!
I wish he would arrive!
I wish he’d been soldered in lead.
I wish it may prove true.
I wish my father were back again.
I wish to see you on another subject.
I wish to stay all night.
I wish you had been there.
I wish you had known him.
I wish you were down here with me!
I wish you were more adaptable, Joan retorted.
I wish your fathers and mothers had known my uncle.
I wished, yet feared, to find him.
I withdraw my expression.
I withdrew them softly, and they fell listlessly on her bosom.
I woke very cold and stiff about an hour after dawn.
I woke with a burning head and the sun glaring in my face.
I won her through a rash vow.
I wonder I never thought of that before.
I wonder as much as you.
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night?
I wonder if they’d give you milk in there?
I wonder what they’ll do next!
I wonder what’ll become of my name when I go in?
I wonder where she is!
I wonder who he’ll go and kiss this time.
I wondered at what house the Bath coach put up.
I wondered greatly how it would end.
I wondered if Scudder had turned in already.
I wondered if the man last night had seen that I recognised him.
I won’t be named a dog in the manger again.
I won’t bear it.
I won’t believe it.
I won’t disturb you while they’re here, you know.
I won’t drink that.
I work at the hospital as a paediatrician.
I worked hard on that!
I would definitely take that with a pinch of salt
I would give my head to know where the leak is.
I would have given a thousand pounds to plunge my face into that.
I would like to carve a wooden dolphin.
I would love to take the car for a test drive.
I would not make you unhappy for all the world!
I would not pass another winter here for much.
I would prefer not to get drunk.
I would rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere.
I would suggest another approach entirely.
I would, sir — every man.
I wouldn't advise taking the shortcut
I wouldn't dare to deliver the product in that state.
I wouldn't have wanted a different career, he said.
I wouldn’t be too hard upon him at first.
I wound up the coil of wires.
I wrote him a note, I said it was a painful thing.
I'd been thinking of adding a small pond to the estate.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza for delivery.
I'd like to speak with your manager.
I'd love a voice assistant that's locally hosted.
I'd say there was going to be a glorious scrap.
I'd sooner have my chips back.
I'll be out of my head in fifteen minutes.
I'll create a virtualenv in this folder.
I'll do my best, but I can't promise.
I'll find a way to use them, never fear!
I'll give a thousand if you produce her, retorted Gregson.
I'll go at once for the Golden Cap.
I'll go over tomorrow afternoon.
I'll have a Taco, please.
I'll have an Espresso, please.
I'll have two beers, a pint of scrumpy and half a shandy please
I'll just apply that to your order.
I'll look on Github for support.
I'll never forget what they did for me, as long as I live.
I'll only be in the way.
I'll read the Keras documentation this weekend.
I'll see to poor Hughie.
I'll see what I can do.
I'll tell you, the librarian said with a brightening face.
I'm afraid that is in fact legal south of the river.
I'm afraid, my dear, you will have to live with us.
I'm always up before the sun has risen.
I'm as good as a man, she urged.
I'm at home.
I'm convinced that she is related to me in some way.
I'm earning my degree in underwater basket weaving.
I'm feeling rather sick!
I'm finding it very difficult to adjust
I'm gluten intolerant, and there are many foods that I can't digest.
I'm going down there with you, and I'm going to fight.
I'm going to bath the baby after tea
I'm going to the market after school.
I'm having difficulty repairing the router.
I'm hoping that Mozilla's Open Voice project will be successful.
I'm hoping that we'll be able to go skiing in January.
I'm in bed and starting to cough, unfortunately.
I'm named after my uncle.
I'm not a philosopher, but I play one on television.
I'm not doing anything Saturday evening.
I'm not going to risk that!
I'm not having this.
I'm not in a position to say.
I'm not sure; I think the chances are about fifty-fifty
I'm not totally convinced!
I'm not your personal butler, Jake.
I'm parched. Let's have a cuppa
I'm playing a single hand in what looks like a losing game.
I'm reading a fascinating detective story.
I'm really hoping it will be different this time.
I'm really not able to choose between them.
I'm so busy with dentist, appointments, music lessons etc.
I'm so tired, I can't be bothered to move.
I'm sorry but we must leave now.
I'm starving. Shall we get some fish and chips at the chip shop?
I'm still good friends with my ex-husband.
I'm struggling to begin writing my novel.
I'm supposed to be a Great Wizard.
I'm sure going along with you all, Elijah.
I'm sure the government had given them an unqualified promise.
I'm terribly afraid of them.
I'm writing my essay on municipal internet.
I've been detained at Bartholomew’s.
I've been transferred between offices a dozen times already.
I've got a horrible cold today.
I've known her my whole life.
I've never been to Japan.
I've never had that distinction.
I've never looked to see," replied the Lion.
I've never seen the Pacific Ocean.
I've no idea who he is: just some Joe Bloggs
I've told my girls that they ought to be aiming higher.
I, I beg pardon, he drawled.
I, supposing she was going to say something, looked up.
I, who have valued myself on my abilities!
I, who knew what he was.
Ice hockey players literally walk on water.
Ice lollies are much nicer than ice cream cones
Idealism led him to philosophic anarchy, and his family threw him off.
Ideas are uncopyrightable.
Idle tales, you’ll say, and so say I.
If God afflict your enemies, surely that ought to suffice you.
If I ever needed a fighter in my life I need one now.
If I had ever learnt, I should have been a great proficient.
If I may take the liberty to inquire.
If I meet her again I shall apologize, said Eileen.
If I say, ‘Polly wants a cracker,’ you understand me.
If I was out of the game it would be easily made.
If I’ve done wrong, I’m dying for it.
If Pete threatens anyone again he ought to be sacked.
If he did overhear us, of course he’d never forgive you.
If he had caught me!
If he has, I must have been a baby.
If he was spinning me a yarn he could act up to it.
If he wishes to avoid seeing me, he must go.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it be achieved, I have cause to return thanks.
If it be not so, let Mr. Darcy contradict it.
If it failed to interest him, it might send him to sleep.
If it wasn't for Dorothy I should never have had brains.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade
If not, let's say our prayers and go to bed.
If only I had more confidence in Scudder’s judgement.
If she had been a woman she would have died long ago.
If so, give directions.
If so, is he mad?
If something seems too good to be true, you need to be sceptical.
If that chimney continues to lean to the left, it's going to collapse.
If the cupboard held such deadly explosives, why not the boxes?
If the hat fits, then wear it!
If their accomplices find us here, we are lost.
If there's anything you need, just ask
If they come much closer, they'll be within spitting distance.
If they had known it, would they have saved her?
If they thought they could get the information in Paris they would try there.
If you are always cold, you should wear a vest under your shirt
If you are posting something valuable you should pay for recorded delivery
If you are stupid enough to do that, I can't guarantee your safety.
If you believe me, I swung along that road whistling.
If you can afford it, take a taxi rather than a bus
If you can assist, please write a cheque.
If you come in this yard I will bite you.
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter
If you continue making such a racket, you will be asked to leave.
If you do not choose to understand me, forgive my impertinence.
If you do such a thing again, I’ll have you buttered!
If you do, I’ll keep you.
If you don't believe me, I'll prove it to you!
If you don't believe me, you need to read the article yourself
If you don't stop it manually, the next video clip will autoplay.
If you don't want skin cancer, remember to apply your suncream regularly
If you don’t know what that is, look at the picture.
If you go swimming regularly, you can call yourself a swimmer.
If you had listened more carefully, you would have heard me.
If you had to use an image processing program, would you choose Photoshop?
If you have a headache you might want to take a paracetamol
If you have a headache, you can take a paracetamol or an aspirin
If you like Isabella, you shall marry her.
If you mean to insinuate -- Brentwood began hotly.
If you need a telephone number, it’s best to call directory enquiries
If you only could know how I thank you.
If you take the handbrake off, the car is likely to roll away
If you want a quick break you can put it into snooze mode.
If you want to book tickets, just pop a cheque in the post.
If you want to travel by underground, first find the nearest tube station
If you want to wrap food, then clingfilm is extremely useful
If you were shipwrecked on a deserted island, how would you survive?
If you won’t consider your own health, consider me, my dear.
If you would have me recover, repeat them.
If you're going camping, don't forget to pack your towel, flannel, and pyjamas
If you've made a typing mistake you can correct it with Tippex
If, indeed, it should be so!
Il aimait aussi beaucoup Albert Roman, c’était un des rares
Il faudrait être sûr. Est-ce que je pourrai vraiment vous faire confiance ?
Il régnait une certaine tension dans la salle où étaient réunis tous les chercheurs
Il te faut un cador de la com en ligne
Il y a encore beaucoup de questions ?
Il y avait aussi un trépied et une grosse caméra
Il y avait tellement de gens mal dans leur peau !
Illuminating oil was becoming all profit.
Ils étaient deux, assis dans la salle attenante que venait de rejoindre Joseph.
Images used on Wikipedia are normally stored in its image repository, Wikimedia Commons
Imagine our surprise.
Immense cheering.
Immense confusion, and loud cries of “Chair,” and “Order.”
Implacable resentment is a shade in a character.
Importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly.
In Britain we say Anti-clockwise rather than Counterclockwise
In Britain, A-levels are taken in the sixth form
In Britain, a furnace is known as a central heating boiler
In Britain, a grocer sells general groceries
In Britain, an overpass is known as a flyover
In Britain, mains power is typically supplied at two hundred and thirty volts
In British English, brackets are the same things as parentheses
In England, County Record Offices act as local repositories.
In England, most criminals are dealt with by the Magistrates’ Courts.
In Germany it is illegal to deny the holocaust.
In Japanese tradition, the number four is often considered to be unlucky
In a flash Philip followed its direction.
In a flash he was on his feet, facing him.
In a maze of wild fancies I heard the street door close behind him.
In a minute I shall melt away.
In a moment he was out of sight.
In a second there would have been the deuce of a wreck.
In a short time I shall have a daughter married.
In a way he is my protege.
In addition, we found unique formations in this section of the rock.
In an instant the lights were out.
In everything else she is as good-natured a girl as ever lived.
In fact, I don’t believe that pudding ever will be cooked!
In general, no.
In half an hour’s time a figure came out that I scarcely recognized.
In half an hour’s time the entries were concluded.
In her haste to get away she had forgotten these things.
In her later years she used to ride a motorbike
In her third term at uni she decided to take up kickboxing
In here, my dear sir.
In his anxiety and solicitude and love they did not count.
In his left hand was a small book with a finger marking the place.
In it there was something that was almost tragedy.
In it was the joy of life.
In longing hopelessly for these dainties I fell asleep.
In many cases, Refugees were highly educated professionals in their former home nation.
In moments of mental energy Philip was restless.
In most countries, petrol is sold in litres
In my opinion, doughnuts take a lot of beating.
In old days this would win you knighthood!’ exclaimed Mrs. Linton.
In one thing I was deceived with all my cunning.
In order to jumpstart a car you are going to need jump leads
In partnership with Daylight, the pair raided the San Jose Interurban.
In seeing Bingley, her thoughts naturally flew to her sister.
In short, my joyous individualism was dominated by the orthodox bourgeois ethics.
In short, they could abuse everybody, because everybody was there.
In some countries it is not legal to drink alcohol until twenty-one
In some places, American football is snarkily called hand-egg.
In spite of his education, he didn't know that seventeen was a prime number
In spite of their absurdity the words affected Philip curiously.
In statistics we need to distinguish between false positives and false negatives
In such a tumbling of values was no time to sell.
In such good spirits.
In that case he could not miss them, if he used caution.
In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage.
In the Bohemian Club of San Francisco there are some crack sailors.
In the United Kingdom we use the spellings fuelled and fuelling.
In the United States, Thanksgiving is on the fourth Thursday of November.
In the United States, cornflour is known as cornstarch
In the Victorian period gin was a very popular drink for the working class
In the bathroom there is a sink, bath, toilet and bidet.
In the car were Unwin and Harrison, while Jones sat with the chauffeur.
In the crib the baby sat up and began to prattle.
In the evening I went to the churchyard.
In the evening we had a dance.
In the latest news I found a further instalment of the story.
In the matter of curry she is a sheer genius.
In the open ways of the Park I put on a spurt.
In the picture he saw each moment a greater resemblance to Jeanne.
In the spring, the former sowed his seeds.
In the video, a man stops to let a cat cross the street.
In this country everyone must pay for everything he gets.
In this danger Kitty also is comprehended.
In this paper, the authors examine health, wealth and inequality.
In understanding, Darcy was the superior.
In what bucolic school of fence he had been taught was beyond imagining.
In what has he wronged you, to warrant this appalling hatred?
In what imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself?
In years gone gone by, the Tower of London used to house a menagerie.
Incumbents almost always win the elections.
Indeed I was in better spirits than I had been for months.
Indeed they had lost their way very badly.
Indeed, Jane, you ought to believe me.
Indistinct visions of rook-pie floated through his imagination.
Initial readings indicate an influx of toxic chemicals.
Innovation takes perspiration.
Instead of finding her outside, I heard her voice within.
Instead, he arrived on the night of the second day.
Instead, he joined her; and they ate like two hungry children.
Intellectual property includes patents, trademarks and designs
Interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other.
Into one house in this neighbourhood they shall never have admittance.
Introducing his friend!
Invest with me, and I can ensure good profits.
Is Hareton to be a beggar?
Is anybody keeping an audit trail?
Is enrolment open for the lecture in London?
Is he a good man? enquired the girl, anxiously.
Is he going to have a stag night before the wedding?
Is he in receipt of housing benefit?
Is he made of tin, or stuffed? asked the Lion.
Is he pretty lively with Miss Linton generally?
Is he stuffed?
Is he tame? asked the woman, opening the door a little wider.
Is it a bad thing to be a perfectionist?
Is it a gentleman?
Is it alive?’
Is it economical?
Is it gluten-free?
Is it not clear enough?
Is it really you?
Is it tax-deductible?
Is not he a charming man?
Is not that his character?
Is not your father very ill?
Is she going to have a hen night before the wedding?
Is she handsome?
Is she here?
Is she sorry for her shameful conduct? — I asked myself.
Is that Catherine Linton?
Is that Pat Hanrahan's mug looking hungry and willing.
Is that a bargain?
Is that a television or a radio aerial?
Is that a translation, or merely a transliteration?
Is that an open source document, or is it copyright-protected?
Is that crazy or what?
Is that even legal?
Is that little Linton?
Is that man over there sitting or lying?
Is that program proprietary software, or is it open source?
Is that understood?
Is the Wicked Witch really destroyed?
Is the other one stuffed, also?
Is there a cooker in the kitchen?
Is there any chance that you could chair the meeting?
Is there any difference between the words Upcoming and forthcoming? she asked
Is there any room for negotiation?
Is there anybody hardy enough to disbelieve it?
Is there no compensation for miscarriages of justice?
Is there no one who can help me?
Is there nothing you could take to give you present relief?
Is this a hard water or a soft water area?
Is this mashed potato or mashed swede?
Is this some sort of test?
Is your camera a Canon or a Nikon?
Isaac Ford, the austere soldier of the Lord, the old hypocrite.
Isaac Newton was indisputably a genius.
Isabella was not asked.
Isn't it a beauty?
Isn’t that grand!
Isn’t that name a bit authoritarian?
It almost choked me, and I couldn’t answer when my partner spoke.
It appears to be true.
It as perennial as the grass.
It astonished me to see him whirl around so.
It beat the other one all to nothing.
It became her turn to listen.
It became immediately apparent this was an affluent area.
It began oddly.
It blew bleak as winter — all round was solitary.
It came down gradually, and I was not hurt a bit.
It came involuntarily, for in a moment it died, and he passed on.
It cannot be concealed from anyone.
It cannot be: how has the idea entered your head?
It cannot last long.
It certainly would make a nice new kind of pet.
It comes at a high price.
It contains Zucchini.
It contains courgette.
It could be an awful lot worse.
It could not be!
It created an immense sensation.
It depicted a flawed and failed utopia.
It did sound rather thin.
It does, was her audacious answer.
It doesn't matter now.
It drew him forth sooner than I expected.
It drew up at the door, and there was the sound of people alighting.
It drove her desperate.
It drowned all sound that brute agony and death may have made.
It fairly clubbed me into recognizing it.
It felt as if his arguments were going to be repeated ad infinitum
It formed a sweet picture.
It gave me the numerals for the principal consonants.
It gives me pain to speak ill of Darcy.
It goes off of its own accord.
It had been a close shave, but I had been in time.
It happened many years ago in Senegal.
It happened one dark and stormy night.
It happened to him at the Gallina Society in Oakland one afternoon.
It has connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling.
It is Linton, I mean.
It is Mr. Bingley, I am sure!
It is a foolish mercy.
It is a good property, and worth more than that.
It is a grievous affair to my poor girls, you must confess.
It is a lady, I presume?
It is a moot point.
It is a pity they are not handsome!
It is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
It is a recurring philosophical suggestion.
It is a small hand and a small face.
It is a truth universally acknowledged.
It is a very ill wind that blows nobody any good.
It is a very tenable hypothesis, and will bear looking into.
It is a wild, lonely place — all sand and stones.
It is almost past belief.
It is also an insidious, deceitful sun.
It is always full.
It is an abandoned Quarry.
It is an ephemeral video.
It is an unknown entity.
It is astonishing how sociable I feel myself compared with him.
It is certainly too bad! said the tender hearted Woodman.
It is dog eat dog, and you ate them up.
It is easy to lose traction while driving over ice.
It is easy to set such a dish on the table.
It is enough!
It is entirely your prerogative.
It is evident that you belong to the first circles.
It is fortunate for Kansas that you have brains.
It is growing, every day, every hour.
It is highly improper.
It is impossible for me to be impartial.
It is impossible.
It is in danger of splitting its skull against my knuckles.
It is just as he chooses.
It is kind of you to wear that.
It is long, very long, since you drank the waters.
It is merely the simple superlative.
It is mine, at present; and, therefore, continue minutely.
It is my great privilege to pronounce you husband and wife.
It is necessary to be cordial when dealing with guests.
It is needless.
It is no longer fit for purpose.
It is not an attempt to smash the market.
It is not for me to be driven away by Mr. Darcy.
It is not poisoned, though I prepared it.
It is not quite a week since they left Brighton.
It is not the enemy without that we have to worry about.
It is nothing.
It is of a very painful kind.
It is of all subjects my delight.
It is of no consequence.
It is our secret.
It is probably going to rain tomorrow.
It is really too distressing.
It is set in an alternate version of the present.
It is still a beautiful world.
It is such an uncomfortable feeling to know one is a fool.
It is the fire, partly, she said.
It is the last time!
It is the nearest refuge.
It is to be carried to the churchyard in the evening.
It is too hot for walking, let us rest here.
It is unaccountable!
It is unutterable!
It is upstairs.
It is useless to resist.
It is very often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us.
It is very plausible to such people, a most convincing hypothesis.
It is very thoughtful of you.
It is warm water — or ice — that has the really difficult smell.
It is what everybody says.
It is, indeed!
It isn’t a shelf.
It isn’t hers!
It isn’t safe.
It issued a rate of forty two dollars a car on charcoal.
It lasted as a deterrent for two days.
It lasted so long that it frightened even me.
It lies in your own power to be Edgar’s brother!
It lifted up both its paws in surprise.
It lived in perpetual apprehension of that quarter of the compass.
It looked like a small right-angled triangle
It looks as though my plan will be scuppered by Ian and Francis.
It made a stupendous uproar.
It made me dizzy.
It makes me cold to remember them.
It makes me weep to see these fields covered in concrete.
It makes most people unhappy.
It makes the perfect gift.
It may be done by degrees.
It may be so.
It might be a woman.
It might have been keenness, but it looked remarkably like misery.
It must be a cultural difference.
It must be his own doing.
It must be mentioned.
It must be my uncle's doings!
It must not be lost.
It must not be thought of.
It nearly knocked me backwards.
It occurred to me that there would have to be an accounting.
It only takes ten nanograms to kill a human.
It pains me to offend you.
It placed me in such an extremely awkward situation.
It pleases her brother to see us cordial, and that pleases me.
It racked me!
It really doesn't have to be like that
It really doesn't matter either way.
It reminded me of one of those forgotten little stations.
It reminded me of the time we saw the ghoul.
It resembled tea less than lager beer resembles champagne.
It runs in our family.
It seemed nearer to him since he had seen and talked with Gregson.
It seemed the ordained order of things that dogs should work.
It seems a hopeless business.
It seems a pleasant place.
It seems like a strange pointing of the hand of God.
It serves him right.
It shut, and I was left alone again.
It sounds like someone's firing a cannon.
It still doesn’t sound very vegetarian.
It struck me directly she must have started for the Crags.
It subsided as quickly as it had been roused.
It succeeded beautifully.
It tired me dreadfully writing those long letters.
It took all my resolution to stroll towards Trafalgar Lodge about half-past nine.
It took him half an hour to reach the edge of it.
It took us a good hour to work through it.
It transpires that the council is going to defer installing a cycle lane.
It turned out the millennium bug was not a thing.
It was Jeanne singing softly over beyond the rocks.
It was Mr. Wardle, and his faithful attendant, the fat boy.
It was Robin Hood's secret hideout.
It was a beautiful little sea-anemone.
It was a big, bad wolf.
It was a blessing in disguise.
It was a cold business, for I had neither coat nor waistcoat.
It was a curious coincidence.
It was a cute little puppy, with huge shining eyes.
It was a deep, dark and desolate place.
It was a difficult time, but we struggled through it.
It was a dreadful thought.
It was a fine dry night, but it was most uncommonly dark.
It was a gaping wound.
It was a gigantic inadequacy.
It was a glorious supper.
It was a golden crown.
It was a good thought.
It was a great objection, but not an insurmountable one.
It was a handsome modern building, well situated on rising ground.
It was a large canoe.
It was a large, well-proportioned room, handsomely fitted up.
It was a lovely but ultimately terrible idea.
It was a mere shell.
It was a mighty risk, but against it was an absolute black certainty.
It was a miracle, and I owe you my life.
It was a red sail.
It was a rehashed movie that was already quite bad.
It was a splendid example.
It was a superb picture.
It was a temperance song whirlwinds of cheers.
It was a temptation, but he resisted it.
It was a tiny hamlet of only a dozen people.
It was a touring car, with the tonneau full of an assortment of baggage.
It was a very pretty creature, with lovely eyes.
It was a wilfully simple premise.
It was adapted from the bestselling novel of the same name.
It was agreed last month that everybody should pull their weight
It was all as silent and dark as ever.
It was all pride and insolence.
It was an aerodrome, and a secret one.
It was an ancient yew, probably planted during the Victorian period.
It was an anonymous block of flats in London
It was an awkward corner.
It was an enormous snuff-box.
It was an impressive tableau.
It was beating and waiting in the ambush of those black pits.
It was black as pitch, for the windows were heavily shuttered.
It was borne in the latter with decent philosophy.
It was clear that the whole establishment was roused.
It was due to the uniform he wore, to demand this explanation.
It was edged with ice.
It was either him or me.
It was essential that we stopped for coffee.
It was evident she knew nothing of the disaster.
It was exhilarating to be out in the open air once more.
It was for me to smile.
It was granted.
It was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously so strong an affection.
It was growing dark — we heard a sound of voices at the garden-gate.
It was hardly enough; but it pleased her.
It was heartless!
It was high, and thick, and of a bright green color.
It was his intention to return to Eileen and her father.
It was impossible to buy tickets without having to queue at the box office
It was impossible to hoist sail and claw off that shore.
It was impossible to see clearly through the mist.
It was in vain.
It was introduced by Representative Dick of Ohio.
It was just like a conjuring-trick, she thought.
It was late — past eleven o’clock.
It was late, and we were alone together — for the first time.
It was like the beating of hoofs.
It was like this.
It was lovely seeing them, but I am tired and tearful now.
It was more like sugar.
It was my idea to a tee.
It was my reports from the north which chiefly induced people to buy.
It was nearly nine o’clock when he reached Goswell Street.
It was neither one thing nor the other.
It was no good.
It was no hint that your company was superfluous?
It was not Red-Eye's way to forego revenge so easily.
It was not a large lake, and almost round.
It was not exactly a deportation.
It was not so easily got ready as some people may imagine.
It was not that they looked different; they were different.
It was not the attorney.
It was not thought necessary in his family.
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.
It was only that you looked odd.
It was originally written as a screenplay.
It was our river emerging like ourselves from the great swamp.
It was out in a second, but it showed me one thing.
It was over at last, however.
It was over when he made his way through the ring of spectators.
It was pitch black, and they needed a torch to see where they were
It was put together in a casual, helter-skelter sort of way.
It was really a very handsome thought.
It was really cheap! Only a couple of quid!
It was reasonable, however, to hope that they would not continue long.
It was refreshing to sit in the cool breeze.
It was released to cinemas early in the New Year.
It was right there, in plain sight!
It was risks after all that he was chiefly greedy about.
It was sanctification and salvation.
It was simple, in its way, and no virtue of his.
It was so kind of you to come!
It was someone who recognised me, someone I have seen in the last month.
It was steel, a fisher trap.
It was the General who gave me my commission.
It was the greatest compliment that he could imagine.
It was the most appalling rot, too.
It was the principal weaving centre.
It was the same persecutor that had followed him before.
It was the same way with our revolvers and rifles.
It was the smell that gave me warning.
It was the third or fourth time that Philip had heard MacDougall swear.
It was the trot of a horse; Cathy’s dance stopped also.
It was then disclosed in the following manner.
It was this proposition that started the big idea in Daughtry's mind.
It was time to finish him.
It was too late to wish that!
It was too late: Heathcliff had caught hold of her.
It was true in essentials, too, though I altered the minor details.
It was true; Toto had fallen down beside his little mistress.
It was unobtrusive, yet it was there.
It was your fault.
It wasn't to be.
It weighed more than the recommended limit.
It went well, all things considered.
It will be dark in ten minutes.
It will break our hearts and our backs to hoist anchor by hand.
It will correct you of feigning more valour than you possess.
It will never do, sitting here.
It will not do.
It won't be cheap, I take that isn't a concern?
It won't be for sale.
It won’t be hard to prove our innocence.
It would be a catastrophe if the dam failed.
It would be best if you asked him to arrange it.
It would be dreadful!
It would be futile for a beginner to challenge a grandmaster.
It would be great to have fewer rainy days.
It would be particularly comfortable, I think.
It would be such a treat!
It would give me nervous prostration.
It would have been a welcome present.
It would have been all right but for that infernal dog.
It would help to tide me along until I got steady employment.
It's Valentine's Day!
It's a Yankee, Joan cried.
It's a brave new world.
It's a disaster. It's all gone pear-shaped
It's a film set in eighteenth century Europe.
It's all Greek to me.
It's an unalienable right.
It's based on a true story.
It's been days since we've heard anything.
It's been years since I've seen you!
It's best to use washing-up liquid if you're going to wash the dishes
It's down the hall.
It's either ours or theirs, I'm not sure which.
It's essential that we construct a sound and leakproof roof.
It's fairly simple to install wi-fi without professional help.
It's fine. What can possibly go wrong?
It's funny, and kinda true as well!
It's getting warmer; the ice is melting.
It's happening at a speed unprecedented in recorded history.
It's in the diary.
It's just a camera, take a closer look and you'll see for yourself.
It's just the thing.
It's looking a bit chilly outside this morning.
It's no good threatening me. I can prove it!
It's no good trying to satisfy me with promises.
It's not a bug, it's a feature!
It's not a case of believing, but knowing.
It's not a chipmunk: it's a European grey squirrel.
It's not clear the defendant had a fair trial.
It's on my nightstand.
It's only his indigestion I find fault with.
It's pouring with rain today.
It's still a bit early.
It's that much junk.
It's the aurora borealis.
It's the strap hangers that'll keep us from going under.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
It's these moments that make the job worth it.
It's traditional to eat candy floss at the seaside
It's way too late to go out now.
It's what all well-dressed bunnies are wearing this year.
It's worth eight dollars.
Italian Pasta is delicious.
Its banks were neither formal nor falsely adorned.
Its beak was short and hooked – probably a raptor.
Its boards are rotten.
Its diameter was not more than two hundred yards.
Its three occupants descended as if to stretch their legs, and sauntered towards me.
It’ll be easy enough managed.
It’ll come in handy if we find any plum-cake.
It’s a bad ship, Doctor.
It’s a capital prescription, sir.
It’s a cravat, child, and a beautiful one, as you say.
It’s a fine name.
It’s a grand thing to be mad!
It’s a nasty thing to find under the bed.
It’s a pity she could not be content.
It’s a plan of my own invention.
It’s a present from the White King and Queen.
It’s all imagination.
It’s all over now.
It’s always the same.
It’s always worth stockpiling beer.
It’s an invention of my own.
It’s either a hundred and eighty-three or a hundred and eighty-two.
It’s for the greater good, you have to make sacrifices.
It’s getting as dark as it can.
It’s good to get back.
It’s hard work bringing them through fevers, and such things.
It’s in a book.’
It’s killing, a breath of night air!
It’s like a penny novelette.
It’s long,’ said the Knight, ‘but very, very beautiful.
It’s lucky that I did not add homicide to my follies.
It’s mine: papa says everything she has is mine.
It’s more like a corkscrew than a path!
It’s my own invention—to keep clothes and sandwiches in.
It’s not fair.
It’s not so simple.
It’s on my chain on the dressing-table.
It’s out of temper, I think.
It’s past twelve, though.
It’s quite delightful.
It’s rather early.
It’s something new to hear a voice like yours!’ he replied.
It’s time to go.
It’s true, then!
It’s wrong to anticipate evil.
I’d far rather go without them than eat them!
I’d far rather have talked to you.
I’d give a great deal to know.
I’d have loved the lad had he been some one else.
I’d join him.
I’d make such a pet of him, if he were mine.
I’d nearly forgotten that I’ve got to grow up again!
I’d rather be hugged by a snake.
I’d rather have seen him gnash his teeth than smile so.
I’d sell my soul to be able to play better than him.
I’ll apologise.
I’ll be judged by the gentleman himself.
I’ll continue it in her own words, only a little condensed.
I’ll demolish the first who puts me out of temper!
I’ll do both, as soon as I possibly can.
I’ll do the same to you.
I’ll either break or burn a way out of the house.
I’ll engage he’s lurking there.
I’ll give him a shilling, presently.
I’ll go bail for my nephew.
I’ll have this fellow prosecuted — indicted — I’ll ruin him.
I’ll have to check it out.
I’ll have to remember to chase that up.
I’ll have you all modelled in wax and clay!
I’ll interfere in no quarrels between you and Nelly.
I’ll lock you into this room and keep the key.
I’ll miss you.
I’ll not hurt you.
I’ll not listen to your slanders.
I’ll not stay by myself.
I’ll not stay here!
I’ll own that he’s with a harsh set.
I’ll read it: for I keep it yet.
I’ll run down and secure my guest.
I’ll run out presently, and get a bottle of soda.
I’ll see that nobody blabs, either.
I’ll see you clothed and fed and snug in bed.
I’ll send him to you when you ring.
I’ll stay.
I’ll take another.
I’ll teach thee to impose on a good-hearted, deluded father.
I’ll tell thee everything I can; There’s little to relate.
I’ll tell you, I do.
I’ll tie the riband.
I’ll trust you for the night.
I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
I’ll wait for you here.
I’ll write to the Permanent Secretary at the Foreign Office.
I’m a great hand at inventing things.
I’m afraid I got a bit squiffy.
I’m an innocent man, but I’m wanted by the police.
I’m buying paintbrushes.
I’m contemplating buying gin.
I’m delightfully rewarded for my kindness to each!
I’m finally heading off.
I’m getting tired of this.
I’m going back home next week
I’m going to back you up.
I’m going to confide in you.
I’m going to tell you all your faults.
I’m going, old fellow.
I’m in bodily fear.
I’m mad. You’re mad.
I’m never going to get the hang of this.
I’m not angry that you struck me.
I’m not going in again yet.
I’m not going to argue with you
I’m not going to tell you again.
I’m not mad — yet.
I’m not sure whether this pub offers accommodation
I’m not talking hot air, my friend.
I’m not to re-enter it without you!
I’m only borrowing your car for an hour or two.
I’m sorry I disturbed you. Oh, God confound you, Mr. Lockwood!
I’m sorry for it.
I’m sorry, too.
I’m sure I shan’t be able!
I’m sure it’s got, oh, such beautiful things in it!
I’m tired of being enclosed here.
I’m too happy; and yet I’m not happy enough.
I’m very sorry he has failed.
I’m watching television with friends this evening
I’ve been haunted, Nelly!
I’ve changed my mind
I’ve come on business.
I’ve come to tell you that we are leaving this one.
I’ve done as you wished, I’m sure.
I’ve got an extra large meat lover’s pizza, without the meat?
I’ve got him now.
I’ve got it!
I’ve had you in my mind all this week when things got troublesome.
I’ve just seen him.
I’ve not had a bite to eat for two days.
I’ve paid my fare.
I’ve simply got to go.
I’ve something pretty important to say to you.
I’ve taken two places.
I’ve taught him to scorn everything as silly and weak.
I’ve treated you infernally — and you’ll take your revenge!
Jack London, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, Oahu.
Jack especially enjoyed mountaineering.
Jacob Brinker, who was his roadmate, brought the news.
Jacqueline has an ulcer on her bottom lip.
James and Pat took the long way round.
James is on reception this morning
James sighed as he realized they were seated way back in row R.
Jane heard them with horror.
Jane now came up.
Jane was by no means better.
Jane was distressed.
Jane was not happy.
Jane was so admired, nothing could be like it.
Jane will be quite an old maid soon, I declare.
Jason trained intensely to be the fittest he could be.
Je crois.
Je mets non. Même question, de nouveau, je ne la relis pas en entier
Je ne crois pas, non.
Je ne le connais pas, cet enfant ? C’est une question bizarre.
Je ne pense pas que j’en serais capable.
Je ne sais pas.
Je ne suis pas sûr que tu veuilles savoir, François, dans ta position.
Je ne vois pas le rapport.
Je sais que ce n’est pas tout à fait habituel.
Je suis dévoué à mon peuple. Parle, citoyen.
Je suppose que j’accepterais, si j’avais déjà le chèque.
Je vais essayer de répondre. Disons, dix mille euros ?
Je veux dire, en termes de questions étranges, il s’y connaissait.
Je veux dire, je n’ai jamais pensé à cela.
Je veux dire, la question est vraiment… je ne pourrais jamais tuer quelqu’un.
Je veux dire, les questions, certaines étaient un peu spéciales.
Je vous la lis, c’est géré par l’ordinateur
Je vous propose une autre formule dans ce cas.
Jeanne and Pierre both gazed toward the great rock.
Jeanne was turning the bow shoreward.
Jeez, that's awful!
Jeff is a climate scientist and statistician.
Jemma is completely apathetic.
Jemma was a most wonderful mimic.
Jen is hiding from Bill.
Jennifer was distraught.
Jenny reminded us that politics is still news.
Jenny went to Italy last year.
Jerry was so secure in his nook that he did not roll away.
Jessie is a renowned comedian.
Jesus was a man that some some call Christ.
Jim picked her pocket while Fred created a diversion
Jim squatted down, struggling to keep his balance.
Jip says it must be where the pirates kept their treasure.
Jip smelt the South wind for half an hour.
Jo vacuumed the living room.
Joan cried, with shining eyes.
Joan looked triumphantly at Sheldon, who bowed.
Joe, make room for one of these gentlemen on the box.
John Dolittle was a strong man, though he wasn’t very tall.
John Dolittle was the last to cross.
John Lewis’s television advert for Christmas was extremely popular
John and James competed in the race
John appears rather fed up today
John hated being late, and was always having to drag me out.
Johnny will forever be remembered for his victories in Fortnite.
Jon says that he will be resisting the pressure.
Joseph Herman le voyait. Et cela lui plaisait.
Joseph Herman semblait à présent attendre un signal.
Joseph beheld my style of cookery with growing indignation.
Joseph sits up late, doesn’t he?
Josh, Dave and Stu are members of a boy band.
Joy to the world.
Julia has a great sense of humour
Junk mail is a particular problem
Just a little light digging.
Just as if some one was kissing the window all over outside.
Just as the Scarecrow had done.
Just had an afternoon nap.
Just hang on here for a moment.
Just joshing!
Just keep your eye upon him for a few minutes.
Just let me know what you think
Just let us know where we can find you.
Just like a whole set of fire-irons falling into the fender!
Just one word, Mr Scudder.
Just put your luggage into the boot
Just sign right here and I’ll have that all squared away for you.
Just the same I'd sooner be myself than have book indigestion.
Just think of what work it would make with the day and night!
Justice delayed is justice denied.
J’ai commencé jeune, à sept ans. J’avais de bonnes dispositions.
J’ai de l’argent à blanchir.
J’essaierai. Bon, je saisis la réponse oui, donc.
J’imagine que l’on peut faire le parallèle, mais la cause est noble
Karen is an atheist.
Kate, Sophie and Liz have all decided to train as psychiatrists.
Katerina couldn't decide whether to have jam or marmalade.
Katie always frames her best photos, and hangs them on the wall.
Keep an eye on him.
Keep calm everybody, it's only a baby dragon.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble
Keep it up!
Keep peace in your soul.
Keep your eyes peeled! I think they might be on their way.
Keep your fingers from that bitter phalanx of vials.
Keith is a Scottish Presbyterian.
Keith is a really lovely guy.
Keith seized Sheila and Neil’s protein.
Keith's mouth formed a large O in surprise.
Kelvin is a scientific scale of temperature.
Kent, sir — everybody knows Kent — apples, cherries, hops.
Kids love Yogurt.
Kind, sweet, good Catherine!
King Charles the First was executed during the English Civil War
King took every advantage he knew.
Kirsty didn’t like to mention it.
Kirsty might be able to do it; she has just come off her break.
Kiss and make up.
Kiss me again; and don’t let me see your eyes!
Kiss me, Hareton!
Kiss me, my love.
Kitchen roll is great for soaking up wine spills.
Kitty stared at him, and Lydia exclaimed.
Kitty, can you play chess?
Kitty, run down and order the carriage.
Know you very well, gentlemen, though you mayn’t remember me.
Knowing him, I review the old Scandinavian myths with clearer understanding.
Lactose intolerance is caused by a lactase enzyme deficiency.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present Marvin the magnificent.
Lakes and rivers, hundreds of them, thousands of them.
Last night I dreamt that we had painted the living room.
Last night I was on the threshold of hell.
Last night he showed all the symptoms of coming down with pneumonia.
Laughter echoed through the circus.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Law and order to maintain the peace.
Le premier est théorique, une sorte de jeu de rôle
Le questionnaire était bizarre quand même, non ?
Learn to walk before you run.
Learning to play the piano was one of the best things I ever did
Leave the room, Sir.
Leaving shore only possible at full tide.
Lend me the oldest tweed suit you’ve got.
Lent lasts from Ash Wednesday to Easter Sunday, but not all Christians observe it.
Les questions se suivaient, et les réponses de Sara étaient plus immédiates à présent.
Less is more.
Lest you think I am dead, I’m pleased to announce I'm not!
Let Wickham be your man.
Let go my frock!
Let her go, then.
Let me do it without further loss of time.
Let me go, and I’ll make her rue!
Let me hear from you very soon.
Let me hear how it came to pass.
Let me lead the way.
Let me mend it for you.
Let me see, is this a chair?
Let me see.
Let me see: yes, I had been out.
Let me see—how is it to be managed?
Let me show you something interesting.
Let me think: was I the same when I got up this morning?
Let sleeping dogs lie, so the saying goes.
Let them be at the door by eleven.
Let them come on.
Let them go out and eat with my boys.
Let us begin at the beginning
Let us get on to the ship before they eat us!
Let us go, Ellen.
Let us hear.
Let us hope for better things.
Let us make haste.
Let us pray.
Let us run them for ourselves.
Let us stop at the next house and talk to the people.
Let us talk it over and find a way out.
Let ’em come.
Let's have a Gourmet meal.
Let's have a go at a tray bake.
Let's have fun and play charades.
Let's not focus on the Minutiae details.
Let's see what's on at the city centre
Let's use Anaconda for this project.
Lets just get the shot.
Letters of business, too!
Let’s drop the pretence
Let’s go down to supper.
Let’s grab a snack bag.
Let’s pretend that you’re the Red Queen, Kitty!
Let’s pretend there’s a way of getting through into it, somehow, Kitty.
Librarians always cite their sources.
Lie down and shut your eyes: you’re wandering.
Life, my dear Pickwick, has become insupportable to me.
Life’s too short.
Lift him up.
Like a flash he launched himself into the feathered mass of the owl.
Like it or lump it.
Like your own Macaulay.
Linear Regression, Calculus, Algebra, Bayesian statistics are ingredients of Machine Learning.
Linton can play the little tyrant well.
Linton looked terrified.
Linton sank back on his pillow and fell into a brown study.
Linton slowly trailed himself off, and lay down.
Linton stood on the hearth.
Linton was white and trembling.
Linton will be sorry?’ observed Kenneth, interrogatively.
Listen for the modulation to the tonic in bar three.
Listen to my voice and think carefully.
Listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant
Listen to that child!
Listen to the true one.
Listen! The ducks are quacking!
Little girls love pink fairy cakes.
Little more than half a day's journey.
Live and learn, you know.
Live and let live, that's my motto.
Live down there!
Lived there — ages.
Liver and onions.
Lizzy is only headstrong in such matters as these.
Lockwood, your new tenant, sir.
Lonely, like the devil, and envious like him?
Long before it had taken place my opinion of you was decided.
Look after your grandmother, girls; she has fainted away.
Look and learn.
Look at little Hareton!
Look at that big fellow.
Look at the great red sails!
Look here, sir; here’s an oyster-stall to every half-dozen houses.
Look out — here I go!
Look, the reinforcing ties have gone!
Looking at the map, Linda realised that the two areas were contiguous.
Lord Fitzhugh is the key to the whole situation.
Lord bless us, how they find people out!
Lord, but I'm glad to see you again, Phil.
Lord, how ashamed I should be of not being married before that age!
Lorry drivers often take their breaks at a transport cafe
Lots of men take women buggy riding.
Loudhailer and megaphone are alternative terms for bullhorn
Love trumps hate.
Low bush whipped him in the face and left no sting.
Lucy has two sisters and three brothers, all of whom love the countryside
Lucy was certainly lying when she said that.
Luke is a classical composer.
Lydia came to us; and Wickham had constant admission to the house.
Lydia was Lydia still; untamed, unabashed, wild, noisy, and fearless.
Lydia was exceedingly fond of him.
Mab, she said.
MacDougall tapped his forehead suspiciously with a stubby forefinger.
MacDougall, my engineer, believes it.
Machine Learning can be used to predict and mitigate natural disasters.
Magnus, you will perceive, sir — Magnus is my name.
Mais elle avait le sentiment qu’elle perdait.
Mais elle, ça allait bien. Et ça se voyait.
Mais les résultats de votre test montrent que vous appréciez ce qui est original
Mais vous faites comme vous voulez.
Mais, si je ne le connais pas…
Maize is another word for corn
Make arrangements to meet me at the bus stop tomorrow morning.
Make haste down, and come out.
Make haste. Come along, Sir.
Make sure to have the lastest drivers from Nvidia installed.
Make sure you can walk before you try to run.
Make sure you have the correct licence before reusing a copyright work
Make sure you use your indicator before changing lanes
Make that fidgety pig keep still.
Make your investments and pension work harder.
Making love in play, eh?
Mamma never told me I had a father.
Mamma would like to go too of all things!
Mamma, do the people hereabouts know I am married to-day?
Man could not conquer them.
Mankind must preserve the environmental ecosystem that sustains it.
Manuel had one besetting sin.
Many Western languages derive from Indo-European roots
Many and many a time had my fingers longed to tear him.
Many families go to church on Sunday mornings.
Many fans think they're in love, but unfortunately that's not canon.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Many holidaymakers who travel abroad save money by buying a package holiday
Many househunters seem to love woodburning stoves.
Many nonreligious people are agnostic, although some are atheists
Many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory.
Many other similar disconcerting omissions will be noticed in the Manuscript.
Many parents find pushchairs very convenient
Many people don’t realise that “anemone” has an m in the middle.
Many people enjoy the taste of pickle.
Many people find it difficult to remember a sequence of more than seven numbers
Many people find the word paradigm rather difficult to pronounce
Many people invest in stocks and shares
Many people think that vegetarians can eat fish, but they can't
Many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many states are now abandoning Daylight Saving Time.
Many thanks. I'm looking forward to it.
March was to take Elizabeth to Hunsford.
Mardi Gras is an extravagant event every spring in New Orleans.
Margarine is an alternative to butter.
Marge is short for margarine.
Maria needs to mind her own business.
Mark the area of water with a buoy.
Marmie had not been slow in looking for his revenge.
Marscapone cheese can be used in all sorts of foods.
Mary Ann!’ said the voice.
Mary brought her little lamb with her, wherever she went.
Mary fought before she slept.
Mary sighed again — the letter was so very affecting.
Mary, apparently much relieved, hurried away with her message.
Masonry paint keeps the walls in good condition.
Massage under tension, was the cryptic reply.
Master Heathcliff, much irritated, asserted her relation was false.
Mathematics is the language of reality.
Maths and physics were my favourite subjects at school
Maths is the British abbreviation for mathematics
Matt always hated the staff meeting he was forced to attend every Wednesday
Matt decided to wait for a better offer.
Matthewson, who's this bookkeeper, Rogers.
Max is a fully qualified veterinarian.
May God forgive me!
May I go to the loo, Miss? said the little boy.
May I not, Ellen? No, indeed!
May I?’. ‘Please do,’ Alice said very politely.
May drought destroy your crops.
May is a time of stress for many students.
Maybe it’s a woman.
Maybe later.
Maybe we should circle back round to that barbecue idea?
Maybe your uncle is quite safe all the time.
Mayonnaise is an ideal condiment to Fries.
McCoy found a stifling, poisonous atmosphere in the pent cabin.
McVeigh when he returns from a trip to Honolulu.
Means of transport must be tramp - unlikely - yacht, or fishing-boat.
Meanwhile I'll go out to breathe a spell.
Meanwhile the round game proceeded right merrily.
Meanwhile, the book has forced him to relive painful decisions.
Mediaeval is now more frequently spelled medieval.
Meditation and awareness are essential elements in the practice of Zen Buddhism
Men like Joe Goose dated existence from drunk to drunk.
Men of Selden's stamp don't stop at women and children.
Men who endure it, call it living death.
Men, women and children.
Mercedes screamed, cried, laughed, and manifested the chaotic abandonment of hysteria.
Merci de me recevoir.
Merci de vous être déplacée.
Mercy on me!
Mercy on us!
Michael can do fifty press-ups without getting out of breath
Microwaveable chocolate cake
Midnight walks under the moon are beautiful.
Mike and Ruth have been neglecting the garden recently.
Mike chopped down the tree that was spoiling the view
Mike got ordained on the internet last week.
Mike is an agnostic.
Millions of pounds of public money has been wasted.
Mind you, she said, it's not real gold.
Miss Bennet he acknowledged to be pretty, but she smiled too much.
Miss Bingley, I am sure, cannot.
Miss Brodie's smile was slightly sarcastic.
Miss Darcy and her brother appeared, and this formidable introduction took place.
Miss Darcy's praise occupied the chief of it.
Miss Linton, take your seat by him.
Miss Williams was the worthy winner of the award.
Miss it! Miss Out!
Modern lightbulbs quote light output in lumens.
Mohammed is a Muslim.
Monsieur, est-ce que vous cherchez une entraîneuse ?
Monty Python was a famous B B C comedy series
Mops, sir, eagerly answered the sailor at the wheel.
More books showed in an inner room.
More regulation is needed, not less.
Most children love toffee apples
Most medics don't recommend bursting blisters
Most of the postings on social media are disappointingly shallow.
Most parents prefer to use disposable nappies nowadays, to save on washing
Most people know what sort of places commercial rooms usually are.
Most people know.
Most professionals make use of a specialised vocabulary called jargon.
Most unconvincing!
Most welcome to Bath, sir.
Move to the left-hand lane if you're going to pull off here
Mr Earnshaw and Mrs Linton are characters from Wuthering Heights
Mr McVeigh told me about him.
Mr Turnbull himself opened to me—sober and something more than sober.
Mr. Bennet could not have chosen better.
Mr. Bennet protested against any description of finery.
Mr. Bennet treated the matter differently.
Mr. Bennet, in equal silence, was enjoying the scene.
Mr. Bennet, you are wanted immediately; we are all in an uproar.
Mr. Collins made his declaration in form.
Mr. Collins must excuse me.
Mr. Collins then returned to Elizabeth.
Mr. Collins was also in the same state of angry pride.
Mr. Collins was eloquent in her praise.
Mr. Collins, meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had passed.
Mr. Darcy called, and was shut up with him several hours.
Mr. Darcy had been at her sister's wedding.
Mr. Darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public.
Mr. Darcy may hug himself.
Mr. Darcy said very little, and Mr. Hurst nothing at all.
Mr. Darcy seemed much pleased with the attention.
Mr. Earnshaw invited me, when I called this morning.
Mr. Earnshaw vouchsafed no answer.
Mr. Edgar seldom mustered courage to visit Wuthering Heights openly.
Mr. Gardiner had waited only for the letters before he set off.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
Mr. Gardiner soon wrote again to his brother.
Mr. Grundy’s positive refusal to gratify the company occasioned another silence.
Mr. Heathcliff followed, his accidental merriment expiring quickly in his habitual moroseness.
Mr. Heathcliff has just honoured me with a call.
Mr. Heathcliff purposely avoids me: I have hardly seen him at all.
Mr. Heathcliff was there — laid on his back.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Mr. Jingle perceived it, and followed up his advantage.
Mr. Jingle’s doubts were resolved.
Mr. Jinks looked serious instantly.
Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her.
Mr. Kenneth came to announce the event to my master.
Mr. Kenneth was perplexed to pronounce of what disorder the master died.
Mr. Leo Hunter had not exaggerated the resources of Mr. Solomon Lucas.
Mr. Linton looked up.
Mr. Linton stood looking at her in sudden compunction and fear.
Mr. Pickwick addressed the stranger.
Mr. Pickwick alone was silent and reserved.
Mr. Pickwick changed colour.
Mr. Pickwick crouched again.
Mr. Pickwick fell into an enchanting and delicious reverie.
Mr. Pickwick looked at him.
Mr. Pickwick looked round him.
Mr. Pickwick needed no second invitation.
Mr. Pickwick nodded assent.
Mr. Pickwick nodded in the affirmative.
Mr. Pickwick was roused, and his mind was made up.
Mr. Pickwick yielded his fullest assent to the proposition.
Mr. Pickwick, however, felt neither depression nor misgiving.
Mr. Pickwick, with the eyes of the world upon you!
Mr. Pott’s domestic circle was limited to himself and his wife.
Mr. Snodgrass acknowledged the compliment.
Mr. Snodgrass and Mr. Winkle came up at the moment.
Mr. Snodgrass was the first to break the astonished silence.
Mr. Tupman admitted the fact.
Mr. Tupman detained her, and drew her to a seat beside him.
Mr. Tupman felt every moment more disposed for the ball.
Mr. Tupman jumped up — ‘Oh, say those words again!’ he exclaimed.
Mr. Tupman laughed in his sleeve.
Mr. Tupman looked inquisitively in his face.
Mr. Tupman looked on, in mute astonishment.
Mr. Tupman looked round.
Mr. Tupman rang the bell, purchased the tickets, and ordered candlesticks.
Mr. Tupman turned sharply round.
Mr. Tupman was wrong.
Mr. Wardle looked on in silent wonder.
Mr. Wardle shrugged his shoulders, and was silent.
Mr. Wickham began the subject himself.
Mr. Winkle allowed Sam to obey it, in silence.
Mr. Winkle eagerly watched his opportunity: it was not long wanting.
Mr. Winkle fired.
Mr. Winkle had forgotten this.
Mr. Winkle modestly repeated his suggestion.
Mr. Winkle was always remarkable for extreme humanity.
Mrs McFee's jaws brought together with a snap.
Mrs. Bennet could hardly comprehend it.
Mrs. Bennet could hardly contain herself.
Mrs. Bennet had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of.
Mrs. Bennet was quite disconcerted.
Mrs. Bennet was really in a most pitiable state.
Mrs. Collins knew not what to make of him.
Mrs. Dean came.
Mrs. Earnshaw loved the music, and so they gave us plenty.
Mrs. Gardiner abused her stupidity.
Mrs. Gardiner and her niece, however, did her justice, and pitied her.
Mrs. Heathcliff, however, checked me by her answer.
Mrs. Leo Hunter looked round her in triumph.
Mrs. Linton bent forward, and listened breathlessly.
Mrs. Linton sat down by the fire, flushed and gloomy.
Mrs. Linton spoke strongly, and yet I can’t contradict her.
Mrs. Linton, who was very much excited, bade me accompany her upstairs.
Mrs. Pott was in the highest spirits and the most agreeable humour.
Mrs. Reynolds could interest her on no other point.
Ms Randall, I assume?
Much more Ernest told them of themselves and of his disillusionment.
Much, replied Jeanne, as tersely.
Murder is very rude.
Must it be so? Oh, lord!
Must try harder.
Must you go?
Mustn’t he be made to do as I ask him?
My God, I wish I had never seen that cursed motor-car!
My Twitter post has gone viral.
My age, in years, is twenty two.
My anger was greater than my astonishment for a minute.
My attorney didn't recommend that I take a licence under the patent.
My aunt told me so herself on Saturday.
My baby loves her teddy bear balloon.
My bad!
My banking app requires two factor authentication.
My battery died, got a charger?
My bicycle tyre had a puncture, and I had to change the inner tube
My birthday is in August.
My boyfriend's been cheating on me.
My brother is so unkind, so unreasonable!
My business is finished.
My caress provoked a long, guttural gnarl.
My character was at stake.
My chief trouble was that I was desperately hungry.
My children just love fancy dress parties
My cousin fancies you are an idiot.
My darling baby.
My daughter is hoping to volunteer at a nature reserve.
My daughter is studying zoology at uni
My daughter is very keen on flavouring meat stews with coriander
My daughter loves fish fingers
My daughter revealed her secret.
My daughter wanted an ice lolly, but my son preferred an ice cream cone
My daughter wants to begin ballet classes.
My daughter's closest friends are Lizzie, Sarah and Max.
My day as roadman excited him a bit.
My dear Hill, have you heard the good news?
My dear Lizzy, they must have passed within ten miles of us.
My dear Sir, I am highly honoured.
My dear aunt, how could you think of it?
My dear, dear Lydia!
My debut novel is about two children stealing a crown.
My design is as honest as possible.
My endeavours were unsuccessful.
My ethics professor's lessons are as exciting as watching paint dry.
My family and I lead a very peaceful existence in Cornwall.
My family likes to watch movies every Friday night.
My farmer’s boy thinks he knows all about horses.
My father bears it better.
My father died a year ago and left me the business.
My father was a Squadron Leader in the Air Force
My father was struck all of a heap.
My father, however, is partial to Mr. Wickham.
My father’s very much in that line now.
My faults, according to this calculation, are heavy indeed!
My favorite subject in school is history.
My favourite coffee is cappuccino, of course with no chocolate on the top
My favourite operatic composers are Handel, Mozart and Puccini
My feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them.
My feelings in every respect forbid it.
My feelings will not be repressed.
My finger’s bleeding!
My first Deep Learning library was Theano.
My first day at work was horrible, but it was not my fault
My first job was to keep going for the next three weeks.
My flat was the first floor in a new block behind Langham Place.
My friend Gill is a Scottish redhead.
My friend lives at sixty-one Main Street
My friends are not playing this game for candy.
My friends, the gentleman I was speaking of.
My girlfriend's dad just called.
My good woman — dear me, what a situation — pray consider.
My good, kind brother!
My gran was unsteady on her feet and used a Zimmer frame for walking
My grandfather was a pharmacist.
My grandmother always wrote her letters with a traditional fountain pen.
My grandmother had cataracts surgery and now can see clearly again.
My grandmother is convalescing in a nursing home.
My guest was lying sprawled on his back.
My head was swimming so wildly that I could not frame a coherent answer.
My heart leaped with an enormous relief, but I went on wheeling my stones.
My heart’s darling!
My hobby is breeding guinea pigs
My hobby is genealogy, or family history.
My horn gave an agonised roar, but it was too late.
My husband is on his way.
My idea was that he would have more influence over the natives.
My idea, my dear Sir, entirely.
My imperial kitten!’ and she began scrambling wildly up the side of the fender.
My irritation lasted through dinner, which I had at a restaurant in Jermyn Street.
My joints are aching.
My kid adores her sweet fluffy toy.
My kids feel chastened after today's fiasco.
My little sister carefully tiptoed through the tulips.
My lords, ladies and gentlemen.
My man Paddock had given the alarm and had the milkman arrested.
My master inquired what was the matter.
My master requested an account of our ongoings.
My mind was more agreeably engaged.
My mother gives me a new jumper every Christmas
My mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
My mother lived till eighty.
My mum bakes a mean Victoria sponge.
My name's Ferguson.
My name’s Ainslie.
My nan regularly treats herself to a shampoo and set.
My neighbour is fantastic; he has a great British sense of humour.
My neighbour’s springer spaniel is adorable
My nephew goes to a Church of England faith school
My nephew is an expert conjurer.
My niece really loves her ballet classes
My own sweet little mistress sprang on my neck sobbing, ‘Ellen, Ellen!
My own voice sharpened a bit as I asked him what he did next.
My parents live in a beautiful house just a stone's throw from the beach.
My part in this business was not yet ended.
My partner was the young dark one.
My plan had been to lie hid in my bedroom, and see what happened.
My poor father!
My poor mother is really ill, and keeps her room.
My precious Lily!
My printer seems to have packed up yet again.
My pursuers were patiently quartering the hillside and moving upwards.
My reproofs could not work such a change as this.
My right foot feels like that of a Chinese debutante.
My second favourite cheese is cheddar.
My sister loves selling things at Bring and Buy sales
My slumber was deep and sweet, though over far too soon.
My son listens to hip-hop and rap music.
My son's a collector: he has magpie syndrome.
My son's closest pals are Will, Robin and Debbie.
My son's fashionable trainers are his pride and joy
My study is crammed full of books.
My stupor can scarcely have lasted beyond a few seconds.
My temper I dare not vouch for.
My temper would perhaps be called resentful.
My third grader is learning long division right now.
My train has been delayed yet again.
My uncle burned with indignation.
My uncle caught her up, and bore her to the house door.
My uncle could make nothing of it.
My uncle descended from his perch in a twinkling.
My uncle did so, and I honour him for it.
My uncle is a quantity surveyor
My uncle was a member of the Territorial Army
My uncle woke, rubbed his eyes, and jumped up in astonishment.
My washing machine is broken, so I'll wash my clothes at the launderette
My watch is broken.
My wife goes to the hairdressers; I prefer a traditional gentleman's barber.
My wife is a whiz at calculating
My wife is a wonderful sewer: she makes all her own clothes.
My wife is on her way.
My wife sings in the local choral society
My, I'm almost homesick for it already.
Naming things is hard.
Nancy was the newsreader who always hosted the nine o'clock news
Naomi was neither able to forgive nor forget.
Narrate to me this page.
Nasty business here this morning, sir.
National Insurance contributions fund Britain’s National Health Service
Natural selection must take its course.
Nay, it’s not Nelly; don’t look at her!
Nay, there’s no comprehending it.
Nay, you’ll not drive me off again.
Nearly all toxicologists agree on that.
Neither Jane nor Elizabeth were comfortable on this subject.
Neither be cynical about love
Neither could she deny the justice of his description of Jane.
Neither could they understand the growing disaffection among Thorpe's men.
Neither of them were able to identify the culprit.
Neither of these.
Neither was any kind of foreigner; on this my young friend was positive.
Nelly Dean is lodged, at this minute, in your room.
Nelly is my hidden enemy.
Nelly, I am Heathcliff!
Nelly, come here — is it morning?
Nelly, help me to convince her of her madness.
Nelly, take her; and leave me, all of you!
Nelly, the room is haunted!
Nelly, you are not glad!
Nelly, you recollect me at his age — nay, some years younger.
Never change a running system.
Never change a winning team.
Never had such a commotion agitated the town before.
Never in my life have I faced a job with greater disinclination.
Never knew one of them missfire before.
Never run a changing system.
Never say die.
Never so strange a prophet came up to Jerusalem.
Never was such a blaze of beauty, and fashion, and literature.
Never was such a contest known.
Nevertheless I started to run.
Nevertheless we found ourselves once more in the high seat of abundance.
Nevertheless, it’s your duty, as a law-abiding citizen.
New Orleans is recovering from a hurricane.
New York City is a bustling metropolis.
New idea, he volunteered, brand new idea.
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—‘Pat’!
Next to papa and Ellen, I love you better than anybody living.
Next to them the Canada jays were most persistent.
Next, we need to drill down to the detail.
Nice words to be used to a young lady!
Nick was jailed after committing perjury
Nimrod replied, with a slight manifestation of sensitiveness.
Nissan a car manufacturer.
Nissan manufactures cars.
No Catherine could I discover upstairs, and none below.
No White Man has ever seen a pushmi-pullyu.
No accounting for tastes!
No doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
No hurry; if you are not, I can wait.
No less than the trees and the stars
No living creature can see better than an eagle.
No look appeared on either side that spoke particular regard.
No man ate of the seal meat or the oil.
No man’s nerve could stand more than a day of being spied on.
No mistake about that,’ said a very red-faced man, behind a cigar.
No more running away!
No motive can excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted there.
No need to take that tone sir.
No need, I ordered take away, it should be here soon.
No one was ready to gainsay him.
No one who has ever seen you together can doubt his affection.
No parsnips whatever.
No regular night steamer at after ten.
No reply: very odd.
No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice coming.
No sentiment of shame gave a damp to her triumph.
No sound came to me in that dark place.
No sweeping and dusting, only good fire and dry sheets were necessary.
No thanks to his gallantry for that.
No trees grew on it, no grass — nothing.
No — don’t kiss me: it takes my breath.
No, Aliens won't take over.
No, Heathcliff’s a tough young fellow: he looks blooming today.
No, I absolutely don't agree, as a matter of fact
No, I can't lend you another. You lost the one I lent yesterday!
No, I did not fall among thieves.
No, I’ll go one better.
No, I’ll swallow the key before you shall get it!
No, don’t turn away!
No, for this pole is stuck up my back.
No, indeed!’ replied I with decision.
No, indeed; I don't know anything.
No, it is a palace, wherein there are many servants.
No, my friends, I see no other way.
No, no; I feel he may defy us there.
No, she felt small trouble regarding any subject, save her own concerns.
No, she turned up her nose at my civility.
No, that would never do.
No, there were no tears.
No, you oughtn’t: that’s quite another thing!
No,’ screamed both the young ladies.
No-sir-ee.
No; there were some, but the monster has eaten them all.
Nobody but a fool is ever rude to a good doctor.
Nobody can tell what I suffer!
Nobody is to know.
Nobody knew his history, they of the Junta least of all.
Nobody knows how the natives got them.
Nobody loves you — nobody will cry for you when you die!
Nobody sleeps in the other bed, of course.
Nobody wants him to come.
Non toujours, donc ?
Non, c’est une question simple Sara. Alors ?
Non, dans ce cas. Non, vous ne sauvez pas l’enfant ?
Non, je veux dire que je préfère ne pas vous répondre pour le prix.
Non, pas du tout. Mais quel serait votre prix dans ce cas ?
Non-religious weddings are often held at a Register Office
Non.
None of that nonsense!
None of them ever pay.
Nonsense, how can you talk so!
Nonsense; you think them strange, because you know nothing about it.
Nope! Too much tomato.
Nope, not the slightest idea.
Nor am I ashamed of the feelings I related.
Nor did that day wear out her resentment.
Nor was Elam Harnish an exception.
Nor would it thaw out his hands and feet.
Not a good idea to shoot the messenger.
Not a soul came near the place.
Not a wheel moved in his empire.
Not all of us.
Not as long as I live, Ellen: for no mortal creature.
Not as you are carrying it.
Not at this particular case, Tom, apologized Whittemore.
Not bad, not bad.
Not everybody agrees that globalisation is progress
Not everybody knows that Wikipedia is available in many different languages
Not fear of the thunder, surely?
Not feeling fab at the moment.
Not from any of the big harbours.
Not half a mile to run.
Not handsome enough to dance with!
Not hurt, I hope — eh?
Not one party, or scheme, or anything.
Not so low as that.
Not that Alice had any idea of doing that.
Not that I have much pleasure, indeed, in talking to anybody.
Not that I think it will do much good.
Not that he or anybody else thought that that would do much good.
Not the faintest rustle broke the profound tranquillity of the solemn scene.
Not there — not in heaven — not perished — where?
Not till the twentieth of May did the river break.
Notez bien, aucune copie, et destruction de nos archives dans la semaine
Nothing but these little incidents occurred on the way.
Nothing can be clearer than that.
Nothing could be more delightful!
Nothing could console and nothing could appease her.
Nothing else will satisfy me.
Nothing has been left undone, my dear sir — nothing whatever.
Nothing has been omitted, I hope?
Nothing is more refreshing than the smell of coffee in the morning.
Nothing more than a cautionary fable.
Nothing occurred between them that could justify the hopes of his sister.
Nothing stirred — the house was quiet.
Nothing was changed.
Nothing was stirring on the long white ribbon that threaded them.
Nothing worthy of special mention occurred during the journey.
Nothing would give me greater pleasure.
Nouvelle question: accepteriez-vous d’avoir une relation sexuelle avec un inconnu
November is the eleventh month, coming immediately before December
Now Greenland drops behind again, and I sail the ocean Blue.
Now I saw cruelty and ruthlessness, where before I had only seen good-humour.
Now I think of it, I’d better tell you.
Now Irvine was a man of impulse, a poet.
Now I’ll give you something to believe.
Now all hold your breath a moment so I can listen well.
Now and then I was happy: once in a week perhaps.
Now and then a sheep wandered off the heather to stare at me.
Now animals do not like mockery.
Now be off! — Hurry, I tell you!
Now came the next step.
Now don’t go too fast — and I’ll write it down.
Now don’t interrupt me!’ she went on, holding up one finger.
Now don’t make any more excuses, but listen!
Now go ahead and tell me in a straightforward way what has happened.
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip.
Now here is the babyish trash.
Now is your time.
Now it was missing from the wall.
Now jump into bed again.
Now just what do you want to know.
Now listen, Doctor, and I’ll tell you something.
Now listen: I have come here to-night to warn you.
Now our figuring was all right.
Now please give a plain statement of what occurred.
Now run along, and tell them to hurry.
Now seriously, what have you ever known of self-denial and dependence?
Now sit down again.
Now that mobile phones are so popular, telephone boxes have largely disappeared
Now that most people have mobile phones, public phone boxes are quite rare
Now that my eyes were opened I wondered where I had seen the benevolence.
Now that my other daughter is married I have two sons-in-law.
Now that my other son is married I have two daughters-in-law.
Now the charm began to work.
Now the sooner we’re off the better.
Now the tongue — now the pigeon pie.
Now these things had been struck dead within him.
Now we come to the passage.
Now we shall be ruined entirely.
Now you can’t deny it, Kitty: I heard you!
Now you're coming down to business, Phil, he exclaimed.
Now you’ve got to be a good chap and help me.
Now, Catherine, you are letting your tears fall into my cup.
Now, Ellen, you have heard all.
Now, I can neither bear to talk, nor anything else.
Now, Joe, the fowls.
Now, Kitty, let’s consider who it was that dreamed it all.
Now, about Manor Farm.
Now, don’t smile, my dear, I’m asking it seriously.
Now, don’t wince, and colour up!
Now, go to your room.
Now, is there anything more?
Now, let us have no petulance.
Now, since I’ve seen her, I’m pacified — a little.
Now, take a good look at me!
Now, then, there he is!
Now, what’s the next thing?
Now, where are my eyedrops?
Now, you understand.
Now, you’re coming home with me.
Nowadays, we have fewer but larger farms.
Nowhere did the raw earth appear.
Nowhere in the North is the soil so prolific.
Nuclear power will soon be replaced by solar power.
Number one: you squeaked twice while your mother was washing your face this morning.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
O come O come Emmanuel.
O holy night.
O little town of Bethlehem.
O'Brien emitted a shriek that sank swiftly to a gurgling sob.
O'Brien had been a clean living young man with ideals.
O'Brien took off his coat and bared his right arm.
Oak, ash, elm and beech are classic woodland trees.
Obviously I’m biased.
Obviously Sir Walter believed in me, though why he did I could not guess.
Obviously, it was a disease that could be contracted by contact.
Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may.
Of course I do,’ she answered.
Of course I don’t think so!
Of course much grumbling went on, and little outbursts were continually occurring.
Of course that’s easy enough.
Of course this was a bad thing for the Scarecrow.
Of course you cannot see me.
Of course you don’t—till I tell you.
Of course, I’ll be there!
Of course, and what would sir be looking for today?
Of course, that is uninteresting, she continued.
Of course, there’s the Ruff.
Off with her!
Off with his head!
Oh No! I dropped my wallet!
Oh come all ye faithful.
Oh my God, what was I thinking?
Oh my dear paws!
Oh my fur and whiskers!
Oh no! Call the fire brigade!
Oh no, I shall not give you up.
Oh no, the weekly newsletter was never sent!
Oh thank you! she cried. I am so glad!
Oh that I had been with you!
Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first dance!
Oh!’ he shouted, suddenly jumping up with a short scream.
Oh, Edgar darling!
Oh, Heathcliff, you are showing a poor spirit!
Oh, I owe him so much.
Oh, I shouldn’t like that!
Oh, I’m aching all over!
Oh, I’m burning!
Oh, I’ve endured very, very bitter misery, Nelly!
Oh, I’ve no doubt she’s in hell among you!
Oh, bother it!
Oh, brother, how kind you are!
Oh, confound the vapid thing!
Oh, damn it!
Oh, damn my soul!
Oh, darling Catherine!
Oh, do — once more!
Oh, don’t, don’t go.
Oh, for shame!
Oh, give me the poker!
Oh, he is a worthy gentleman, Mr. Weller!
Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
Oh, how glad I am to get here!
Oh, how weary I grow.
Oh, it was a merry life!
Oh, it's just a novel, a love story.
Oh, it’s a rare place!
Oh, let us start for the Emerald City tomorrow!
Oh, mamma, come here.
Oh, my dear Mary, look here!
Oh, my life!
Oh, no, no — this is not likely.
Oh, no; that is a great mistake.
Oh, no; they must obey the wearer of the Cap.
Oh, shocking — terrible!
Oh, thank you — thank you! cried the Scarecrow.
Oh, that’s not what I intend — that’s not what I mean!
Oh, what a lovely one!
Oh, what a state of virtuous jollity!
Oh, what fun it is!
Oh, yes! — he was to come there with Wickham, you know.
Oh, yes! — if one could but go to Brighton!
Oh, yes!’ said he, after a second taste.
Oh, your Majesty, we thought you would be killed!
Okay, I think I can do that.
Okay, I'll remind you.
Okay, hand it here.
Old Mr. Wardle foamed with rage and excitement.
Old trainers are not very cool
On Jack’s right was an area where the water was even deeper than usual
On Saturday afternoons my wife and I normally go shopping
On Saturday he came again.
On Sunday afternoons he usually mowed the lawn.
On both sides it was only assertion.
On him I staked all my chances.
On my re-entrance, I found Mr. Heathcliff below.
On occasion, on this traverse, the Cape Verde Islands are raised.
On only one condition can I hope to forgive him.
On the far corner of the compound fence a hawk brooded.
On the following morning he hastened to pay his respects.
On the green lawn before it, many men and women were dancing.
On this question there arose the edifying brow-beating, customary on such points.
On this subject, what can you have to say?
On t’a préparé des appels d’offre ciblés, sur cinq ans.
Once I've completed the course, be fully qualified.
Once I've retired, I'm planning to reconquer Jerusalem.
Once I've started, I can't seem to stop.
Once again I had found an unexpected sanctuary.
Once in Royal David’s city.
Once in the cockpit, he was in his element.
Once or twice he got very peevish, and apologised for it.
Once the jews harp began emitting its barbaric rhythms, Michael was helpless.
Once we have moved, I'm hoping to acquire a poodle.
One a penny, two a penny, hot cross buns
One by one the boys were captured.
One came from her books.
One day he produced my belt from a lockfast drawer.
One day she failed to come, for the first time.
One day, I would love to visit the high Arctic.
One fine summer morning — it was the beginning of harvest, I remember.
One glance told her of the danger close at hand.
One great drawback to farming in California is our long dry summer.
One guess will do, Ernest retorted.
One man followed him, but he had no chance.
One man sat in it, and by an amazing chance I knew him.
One might suppose you had never opened a Bible in your life.
One moment, you fellows, and I’ll rejoin you.
One must speak a little, you know.
One night he was very solemn.
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.
One of the others spoke up.
One of them had a book, and took down notes.
One of them was Mr Marmaduke Jopley.
One tablespoonful should be enough.
One teaspoonful should be plenty.
One time, however, we were near quarrelling.
One to come, and one to go.
One touched his cap in salute, and I responded graciously.
One was old and bald, one was stout, one was dark and thin.
One, much bigger than the others, seemed to be their leader.
Online Education has become accessible and is growing in popularity.
Only Ellen and I were disputing concerning your health.
Only I do hope it’s my dream, and not the Red King’s!
Only I never can remember the rule.
Only a little longer could I endure their company.
Only a mouse!
Only for a second, but it was enough to make my heart jump.
Only his hungry eyes were the same.
Only it got so cold, and it snowed so, they had to leave off.
Only look at her.
Only once did I confide the strangeness of it all to another.
Only the chance sound had led him to observe them.
Only think of that, my dear; he actually danced with her twice!
Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them.
Only we must begin quick.
Only, it is so wonderful, so almost impossible to believe.
Only, let me alone, or I shall faint.
Oolong Atoll was one hundred and forty miles in circumference.
Oolong was two hundred and fifty miles from the nearest land.
Open source culture has facilitated the progress of technology at an astonishing pace.
Open source technology means people don't need to keep reinventing the wheel.
Open the display settings.
Open the window again wide: fasten it open!
Oppressive as the heat had been, it was now even more oppressive.
Or are you deaf?
Or else it doesn’t, you know.
Or have they already devised one.
Or he thinks us fools, every one.
Or marry me now.
Or must I have a fire lighted elsewhere?
Order a private room, and do not mention my name.
Orient the table in the direction of the east wall.
Orienteering is a sport that combines cross-country running and map reading
Ornithology is a fascinating hobby.
Other options are available.
Other schemes, too, came into her head.
Other toasts were drunk.
Others of the party were now applied to.
Otherwise no restriction is put upon their seafaring.
Otherwise there was only the calling of plovers and the tinkling of little streams.
Ouch! Are you hurt?
Oui, bien sûr. Mais vous cherchez un videur en fait ?
Oui, et disons que j’accepterais peut-être dans ce cas.
Oui, oui, je suis toujours intéressée. Allez, testez-moi !
Oui, plutôt.
Oui, vous avez une sœur ?
Our Mr Howison will call upon you at your hotel.
Our aunt is visiting this weekend.
Our distress, my dear Lizzy, is very great.
Our doubts were presently decided — even earlier than I expected.
Our enemies have not been foolish!
Our family always hated cats: nasty, low, vulgar things!
Our friends looked at him in surprise and dismay.
Our genetics define our appearances and traits. Our experiences define who we are.
Our journey is nearly ended.
Our national debt amounts to several trillion pounds
Our office is overworked and understaffed.
Our opinion is distinctly different from theirs.
Our poor mother is sadly grieved.
Our profits have quintupled over the past three years.
Our records show that you never existed.
Our relationship eventually petered out.
Our team is the best in the leauge.
Ours is better than yours.
Out of abstractions Ernest had conjured a vision and made them see it.
Out of his eighteen hundred, he laid aside sixteen hundred each year.
Outsiders are allowed five minute speeches, the sick man urged.
Outwardly, he maintained a calm and smiling aspect.
Overall, not too bad.
Overtake him; bring him back instantly!
Oz giving Lion courage "Don't speak of it," replied Oz.
Oz soldier pointing the way "That cannot be done," he said.
Oz will send for you tomorrow morning.
Painful subjects, these, sir, very painful.
Palm Sunday is the Sunday before Easter.
Paraffin is the British name for kerosene
Parcels arrive just in time.
Parfaitement. Merci à toi.
Part of me wants to believe you.
Participation awards are worthless in my opinion.
Passionate advocacy of the highest standard.
Paths, hedges, fields, houses, and trees, were enveloped in one deep shade.
Patience is a popular card game for one
Patricia has some very expensive jewellery
Paul moved to Oxford for his D Phil.
Paul would have succeeded had he studied harder.
Pauline laughed, then tore the letter in half.
Peace be unto you and grace before the Lord.
Pearce's little eyes were fixed on him shrewdly.
Pebbles and dirt flew along with hair and fur.
Pencils are made from lead.
Penguins aren't able to fly, but they can swim
People came and looked on, too, which made him nervous.
People do not die of little trifling colds.
People make me sick.
People often associate Christmas with tinsel and glitter.
People who whisper all the time can be very irritating
Perfect is the enemy of the good.
Performers, take a bow!
Perhaps I am not doing her justice.
Perhaps Looking-glass milk isn’t good to drink—But oh, Kitty!
Perhaps Oz will help you.
Perhaps he thought her too young.
Perhaps she had already met her fate a little deeper in the forest.
Perhaps she is full young to be much in company.
Perhaps that was what those secret enemies were playing for.
Perhaps we can find him for you.
Perhaps we should join a wine club.
Perhaps you know the plaintiff too?
Perhaps your envy counselled Mr. Heathcliff to rob me of my treasures?
Permit me to introduce my friends.
Permit me to introduce to you her Majesty, the Queen.
Perrault found one with head buried in the grub box.
Perseverance is the foundation of accomplishment.
Personne mouftera. Mais quel rapport avec nous ?
Perspex is a clear plastic that can sometimes be used to replace glass
Persuasion and Emma are well-known novels by Jane Austen
Peter felt sick, and leaned heavily on the table
Peter is studying to be an engineer.
Petrol and Diesel engines are going the way of the dodo.
Peut-être Sara, vous avez du mal à prendre des décisions
Peut-être, dans ce cas.
Philip ate lightly of the food which Pierre had ready for him.
Philip began to feel that he had foolishly overestimated his strength.
Philip bent low over Pierre.
Philip bent lower, and stared into the face of the dead man.
Philip did not pursue the subject.
Philip dropped back into his chair.
Philip knew that she was not an Indian.
Philip looked back from the crest and saw Jeanne leaning over the canoe.
Philip made no effort to follow.
Philip produced a couple of cigars and took a chair opposite him.
Philip saw MacDougall soon after his short talk with Thorpe.
Philip snatched at the letter which Gregson held out to him.
Philip stood undecided, his ears strained to catch the slightest sound.
Philip thrust himself against it and entered.
Philip took a step toward Gregson, half determined to awaken him.
Philip was mortified. He begged for a second chance.
Philippa kicked the ball, and Jane caught it.
Philosopher, Sir?
Phone boxes or payphones are not so common now
Physicists really don't understand what happened during the big bang
Pickwick, grandma!’ screamed both the young ladies together.
Pickwick, mother,’ said Mr. Wardle, at the very top of his voice.
Pierre obeys me when we are together.
Place not harbour but open coast.
Place somewhere on East Coast between Cromer and Dover.
Please ask before borrowing my pencil sharpener.
Please be careful with the fragile ornament.
Please check the inside leg measurement
Please check with the harbourmaster before tying up
Please clear the gangway or we won't be able to get out
Please clear your browser cache and try again.
Please confirm our cookie policy.
Please consult your physician if you experience any side effects.
Please could you draw the curtains?
Please cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please cycle, walk, or use public transport
Please do not patronize me.
Please do not think that I already know it all.
Please don't embarrass yourself any further.
Please don't jay-walk: cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please don't keep complaining about my cough
Please don't sit on the worktop!
Please drive on the left.
Please enter your passkey now
Please excuse me.
Please find attached the consignment number of your order.
Please get to the back of the queue!
Please go around.
Please indicate whether you prefer option A or option B
Please indicate your cellular carrier.
Please join us in celebrating our wedding anniversary
Please kneel for the solemn part of the ceremony.
Please leave your hat on the hatstand in the hall
Please let me know as soon as you can
Please mute the sound.
Please offer your points and perspectives.
Please refer to the manual operating instructions
Please register for a postal vote before the election
Please ring for room service
Please send me the business case for your company’s expansion plan
Please sign on the dotted line.
Please specify the service provider.
Please stop complaining all the time!
Please submit your budgets for the next financial year
Please tap to edit.
Please tick the box
Please try not to burst the balloons
Please try to keep that crying baby quiet
Please turn to page twenty-three in the original document
Please use your full address, including postcode
Please watch the Youtube video of my daughter's concert
Pluto is now considered to be a dwarf planet
Plutôt non, alors ?
Poetry, just imagine!
Points of view, new ideas, life.
Poisoning was suspected.
Polynesia could mimic any one.
Polynesia crept in, very softly, and got under the bed.
Polynesia, Chee-Chee and the crocodile enjoyed the hot sun no end.
Pooh, pooh, nonsense.
Poor Linton ran a frightened eye over the faces of the three.
Poor dear child!
Poor little Crooked-Leg was terribly scared.
Poor little Lizzy!
Popular classical composers include Beethoven, Verdi, Puccini and Liszt.
Porcupines are fascinating.
Possibly for pistols.
Potato crisps are thinly sliced fried potatoes, eaten as a snack
Potato is full of carbohydrates.
Pott looked very frightened.
Pott was evidently giving way.
Pour sauver un enfant Sara ? Non ?
Pour un entretien d’embauche il était conseillé de garder une certaine réserve
Pourtant ce sont de simples questions sans conséquence
Prams and pushchairs can be accepted on the bus only when folded
Prawn cocktail used to be a very popular starter
Pray do not talk of that odious man.
Pray don’t begin to dispute with him.
Pray go to see them, with Sir William and Maria.
Pray make room, to let Mr. Fitz-Marshall pass.
Pray ride on!
Pray silence for tonight’s speaker.
Pray sit down.
Pray, pray do.
Prepare for the worst!
Presently I observed someone leave the house and saunter along the cliff.
Presently I reached the end of my wanderings.
Presently I was in a land of lush water-meadows and slow reedy streams.
Presently he got very excited and walked up and down the hearthrug.
Presently she began again.
Presently she laughed aloud.
Press escape to return.
Press the asterisk key after the tone.
Pressing business called me here.
Pretty loving, indeed!
Pretty situation for the general chairman of the Club.
Prevention is better than cure.
Principal rivers—there are none.
Principally because I received a letter from Scudder.
Private Eye is a British fortnightly satirical magazine.
Probably she had not touched her dress since last evening.
Proceed with caution.
Production is doubling and quadrupling upon itself.
Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves.
Providence had delivered him through the maelstrom.
Public transport is extremely efficient.
Pull the other one!
Punctuality was not something he is known for.
Punnets of strawberries can often be bought from roadside stalls in summer
Pursuing her way along the lane, she then began it.
Pushchairs can be folded when the toddler wants to walk
Put down your weapons.
Put him in the cellar, papa.
Put him on his guard, and watch for him.
Put the horse in the gig!
Put them next to your great-uncle the judge.
Put your handkerchief away — don’t snivel before me.
Put your trash away, and find something to do.
Quand il eut fini, il s’installa derrière l’écran de l’ordinateur
Question suivante: seriez-vous prête à tuer un inconnu
Quick was the disappointment in his face, yet smiling was the acquiescence.
Quick! — Make a bridge!
Rabbits, rats and mice can reproduce extraordinarily quickly.
Rachel blushed, embarrassed, as she had never before received a B grade.
Racing cars are essential to motorsport
Ralph wondered what on earth the Q in his middle name stood for.
Raoul yelled, in order to make himself heard.
Rather than eat and drink, he preferred to smoke incessantly
Reaching the peak of the mountain was an exhilarating experience.
Read me the latest sports statistics.
Read my Twitter feed.
Read my bio for more info.
Reader, I married him.
Reading his poetry, a drowsy numbness came over me.
Really, he is not safe. He’s drunk.
Really, it’s most disrespectful of you!
Really, she ought to have taught you better manners!
Recent advances in modern medicine have been nothing short of astonishing.
Reckless driving is the cause of many fatalities.
Red-Eye never committed a more outrageous deed.
Red-Eye swung back and forth on the branch farther down.
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle for a better planet.
Refer to the Owner's Manual for further instructions.
Refugees are normal people who have been displaced due to natural disaster or conflicts
Refugees are vulnerable people.
Regardless of the setback, the project continued.
Regardless of your political allegiances, you should oppose this cruel bill.
Relate it all.
Remember that the Witch is Wicked — tremendously Wicked — and ought to be killed.
Remember to draw your assumptions, before conclusions.
Remember to tell him.
Remember we parked in section D three.
Remember what peace there may be in silence.
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.
Remonstrances were useless.
Residents must register with the electoral register to be eligible to vote.
Return to your books.
Rice pudding is the ultimate comfort food.
Richard loved to involve the children.
Richard recollected the time when he used to be a keen cyclist.
Right at last!
Right on his head as usual!
Right, lets try these new skills out!
Ring the bell!
Ring the bell, Kitty, for Hill.
Rob Peter to pay Paul.
Rob and Bob went bowling.
Robbery, bribery, fraud,
Robert was most impressed with Mary's prowess.
Rock of ages.
Rock, paper, scissors is a popular children's game.
Romeo and Juliet is one of Shakespeare’s best plays
Ron's looking a bit peaky.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Rough as a saw-edge, and hard as whinstone!
Run and tell him that; d’ye hear?
Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
Running in the corridors is not allowed
Russia wouldn’t like that, and there would be high words.
Saffron rice is expensive.
Sam accompanies me there.
Sam and Patricia watched a film while eating their supper.
Sam assisted him to rise.
Sam constrained himself, however, and replied that his master was extremely well.
Sam gave a short nod of intelligence, and left the room.
Sam grinned expressively.
Sam immediately withdrew.
Sam kept his word, and remained unmarried, for two years.
Sam nodded again.
Sam nodded an expressive assent.
Sam nodded assent.
Sam stole a look at the inquirer.
Sam thought it was, too, but he held his peace.
Sammy, help me in, and fill me a small glass of brandy.
Sandel would never become a world champion.
Sans compter que ça pourrait marcher pour de vrai et faire levier.
Santa Claus knows whether you're naughty or nice.
Sara avait son air enjoué, celui qu’elle avait presque tout le temps.
Sara hocha la tête en prenant les deux feuilles que lui tendait Joseph Herman
Sara ne bougeait pas.
Sara ne pouvait pas voir l’écran d’où elle était.
Sara se tenait debout derrière le pupitre de présentation, bien droite
Sara voulait le job, elle aimait bien ce coin
Sara était sincère. Elle était comme elle était
Sara était vraiment spontanée.
Saxon nodded, and the boy frowned.
Saxon waited, for she knew a fresh idea had struck Billy.
Saxon's onto her job.
Say I applaud her wisdom and admire her discretion.
Say good-bye to your father, Sam.
Say that urgent business calls us home immediately.
Say this to my face!.
Say you forgive me, Hareton, do.
Say you love me.
Scarcely had he uttered the name when Pierre's closing eyes shot open.
Scarecrow gathering berries.
School is cancelled due to the fifty-foot dinosaur ravaging the area.
Scientists believe that life on Earth started more than four billion years ago
Scotch tape, also known as Sellotape, is very useful for wrapping Christmas presents
Scudder had got on to this, but he could not act for a fortnight.
Scudder has gone off the track there.
Scudder was content to call them collectively the “Black Stone”.
Seal the envelope.
Seconde question, elle ressemble un peu, je vous préviens
See here, wife!
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
See how high you can make the ball bounce
See the length of the body and that elongated neck.
See the sun shine on it — like gold!
See what you have done!
See you Tuesday!
See you look after that.
See! You’re better than Bruce now.
Sentence first—verdict afterwards.
Separate the yolk from the egg.
Seriously, I would have you be on your guard.
Ses traits fins ne trahissaient pas encore la légère inquiétude qui était la sienne
Settle it among yourselves.
Seventeen, no, eighteen days ago.
Several people are awaiting trial, including John.
Sex is a subject that we need to talk about openly.
Shake a leg!
Shakespeare was a world-famous playwright.
Shall I carry you.
Shall we build the treehouse up this sycamore tree?
Shall we extract Mr. Pickwick’s masterly description of that heartrending scene?
Shall we go and get something to eat?
Shall we go there?
Shall we go up in the lift, or shall we take the escalator?
Shall we go up in the lift, or take the escalator?
Shall we have a jacket potato for lunch?
Shall we just get a takeaway tonight?
Shall we watch a film at the cinema this afternoon?
Shame on ye!
She absolutely loves dancing and singing.
She added, with genuine sympathy in her face and voice.
She always ground her own coffee.
She announced her intention to conquer the world
She announced that the sequel was being pushed back.
She answered him with cold civility.
She approached with trepidation
She asked the little old woman; and looked, and began to laugh.
She ate the last of the pizza
She attends classes regularly
She avoids artificial fibres such as polyester or nylon.
She blushed again and again over the perverseness of the meeting.
She blushed slightly, and cast a grateful look on Mr. Jingle.
She bought a top-of-the-range car with a hire purchase agreement
She bought her daily copy of The Times at her local corner shop
She bought most of her clothes from a catalogue
She buys most of her clothes at Bring and Buy sales
She came close to Dorothy and kissed her gently on the forehead.
She can be proud of what she’s achieved
She can do justice to it.
She can jolly well sing for her supper!
She cannot accuse me of showing one bit of deceitful softness.
She carefully placed the precious envelope in deposit box L and locked it.
She carried her clothes in a holdall
She caught Toto by the ear.
She certainly did not hate him.
She comes to us to-day.
She complained bitterly of all this to her husband.
She continued reading, or seeking for something to read.
She coughed heavily and then sighed.
She couldn’t make out what had happened at all.
She cries so I can’t bear it.
She cycled along the smooth, metalled road
She dared not even mention that gentleman.
She declared her resolution.
She degenerates into a mere slut!
She denied swinging from the chandelier.
She did laugh as she saw Heathcliff pass the window.
She did not yell out — no!
She did, indeed, Louisa.
She did, she did, Catherine!
She displays her environmental credentials by cycling to the shops on her pushbike
She dived from the diving board into the swimming pool.
She does not know what she says.
She does not yet leave her dressing-room.
She dotes on poetry, sir.
She dreaded lest the chambermaid had been mistaken.
She earnestly supplicated that I would spare her one or two.
She emphasised the point by waving her hands.
She entered and approached the hearth.
She explained his error to him in words of one syllable.
She feigned offense at every opportunity.
She fell at the first hurdle.
She fell sick.
She felt as if she had been used as a punchbag
She felt completely wrung out.
She finds Miss Pope a treasure.
She finished early that day, and decided to go to the spa.
She flung her glass of wine in his face
She found history, geography and Latin to be exceptionally boring.
She found walking in the woods a very good way to relax
She gave him a real roasting.
She got a first for her photography module.
She grew absolutely ashamed of herself.
She had a bad cough.
She had a beautiful bathing costume
She had a constant ringing in her ears.
She had a pained expression throughout the interview.
She had a very smart flat on the second floor
She had already learnt that Lady Catherine was still in the country.
She had an electric cooker, but with gas rings rather than an electric hob
She had been greatly interested in the story.
She had been thoroughly and efficiently mauled.
She had cheated, increasing her chances of winning the hand to eighty-three percent
She had died from cold and starvation.
She had gained her point, and had time to consider it.
She had money.
She had never seen such a strange-looking soldier in all her life.
She had never set eyes on it before.
She had no breath for speaking.
She had no fear of its spreading farther through his means.
She had scarcely eaten a morsel for several days.
She had very little notice from any but him.
She hadn’t heard the rumours that were going around the office.
She has an extensive vintage record collection.
She has had cataract surgery in both eyes.
She has known him only a fortnight.
She has my utmost respect.
She has produced some delightful pieces, herself, sir.
She has two nieces of her own.
She hired a transit van when she moved out of her rented flat
She hit on the great idea of snail farming.
She hoped no violence would be committed.
She is a book reviewer and literary critic.
She is a great deal too ill to be moved.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
She is always hurrying from one appointment to the next.
She is an Athlete.
She is an expert poker player.
She is an intellectual property solicitor in London, specialising in licensing.
She is essentially the life-giving, life-conserving female of the species.
She is going to cook us a roast for Sunday lunch
She is gone down to her uncle at Liverpool: gone to stay.
She is grown so brown and coarse!
She is having fun playing with her rubber duck in the bath
She is more a friend than an acquaintance.
She is my aunt who lives in Kansas, where I came from.
She is not such a simpleton.
She is quite a little creature.
She is refusing to play by the rules.
She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld!
She is tired of trying to please me uncommonly early.
She is training to be a veterinary surgeon
She keeps fit by jogging at least twice a week.
She keeps her own counsel!
She kept her little secrets in her pencil case.
She knew not what to think, or how to account for it.
She knows such a very little!
She lay still now, her face bathed in tears.
She lectured that he needed to change his ways.
She left Dorothy alone and went back to the others.
She lies in our little churchyard.
She liked her bra and pants to be white
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
She likes to have a bath rather than a shower
She lives about twenty miles from here.
She lives in Scotland, in Edinburgh
She looked up in Tom’s face, and smiled through her tears.
She looks sickly and cross.
She loved another.
She loved science, and at school physics and mathematics were her favourite subjects
She loved the color mauve.
She made a little dolly out of a clothes peg
She made a special statement to say sorry
She made light work of her sewing.
She made towards the door.
She made use of a small plug-in in Firefox
She managed to ascend to the third branch, before falling.
She managed to believe six impossible things before breakfast
She mentioned this to her friend Miss Lucas.
She might well be one of my great aunts.
She mostly listens to audiobooks and podcasts
She must be earning three times the national average.
She must be perished with the cold.
She never again referred to it, from that day onwards.
She never ate more than half a plateful
She nodded, and her eyes grew soft and moist.
She obeyed, shrinking back with the baby in her arms.
She obtained top marks in her maths exams.
She offered a piece to the Scarecrow, but he refused.
She offered him a paltry rate.
She offered me a bribe, he said.
She opened the door gently and peeped in.
She ordered the sausages while he asked for a salad.
She paid her rent in monthly instalments
She passed her driving test on her first attempt.
She picked him up and ran toward the balloon.
She picked up the necklace and stuffed it into her bag
She picks up most of her vintage clothes at jumble sales
She pitied him deeply.
She popped over yesterday and drank four glasses of wine!
She practises very constantly. So much the better.
She quoted the saying: money doesn't grow on trees.
She read over her aunt's commendation of him again and again.
She really hated getting up in the morning
She really looked almost wild.
She really needed her espresso in the morning.
She referred to the answer she gave yesterday.
She relied on her cleaner to keep the place free of dust.
She returned, and asked me to sit with her in the library.
She rose from the bed, still gazing fixedly and steadily on me.
She runs so fearfully quick.
She said with chattering teeth.
She sat across the room.
She sat on the sofa quietly.
She sat up and looked around her.
She saw a feline shape stalking through the bushes
She saw the answer in his face.
She says you are a — What was it?
She scornfully withdrew.
She screamed, and woke.
She screamed; "I want to go, too!"
She screamed; "run for the cellar!"
She seems to be implying that I can never improve.
She seems to have acquired some bad habits
She sewed most of her own clothes.
She shall esteem you.
She shall know you.
She should have stuck with it.
She shut her eyes against the blinding light.
She signed a two-year contract at the age of eighteen.
She stared, coloured, doubted, and was silent.
She started — it was only a passing dream.
She stepped close up; her black eyes flashing with passion and resolution.
She still cherished a very tender affection for Bingley.
She still seems to be in quite a lot of pain.
She stood at the side of the pavement, and crossed at the pedestrian crossing
She stopped singing and started to listen.
She swept down the corridor, looking neither to left nor to right.
She then swept it all out the door.
She thinks you are all spies for her husband.
She thought she was going to be stung.
She tried to participate, but nobody listened.
She tried to put it more comfortably.
She turned in at the hotel.
She turned, fearing that Jacques might see what was in her face.
She used a cash dispenser to withdraw money
She used a plaster to cover a small cut on her little finger
She used to keep bank-notes there, before she was married.
She uses SnapChat more than Facebook
She wanted to understand how she could license her copyright.
She was a brilliant undergraduate who went on to gain first class honours
She was a famous Norwegian politician.
She was a great fan of country music
She was a happy creature, and an angel, in those days.
She was a mature six-year-old.
She was a schoolmistress in her younger days.
She was a shop assistant at the local shoe shop
She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper.
She was a youthful eighty-year-old, and not at all old-fashioned.
She was always promising more than she could deliver.
She was ashamed to think how much.
She was awakened, after some time, by the stopping of the coach.
She was born in the Sout.
She was both beautiful and young to their eyes.
She was built primarily to sail.
She was carrying a huge rucksack, with sleeping bag and tent
She was cheated of her heart's desire.
She was collecting useful things in her bottom drawer
She was coughing and spluttering all the way through the concert.
She was desperate to train as a fighter pilot.
She was even more beautiful than when I saw her, before.
She was gobsmacked to be told that she had contracted glandular fever
She was his now, forever.
She was important, but really ordinary and straightforward.
She was in ecstasy.
She was much too fond of Heathcliff.
She was nearly heartbroken when he ran off.
She was of great use and comfort to us all.
She was overpowered by shame and vexation.
She was pleased to be accepted onto the course
She was prosecuted for drink-driving, and she lost her licence
She was really fond of her work colleagues.
She was saying nothing and blinking her eyes.
She was sleeping under his protection as sweetly as a child.
She was the only female surgeon that I knew.
She was thin and gaunt, and never smiled, now.
She was thought to be putting on the kettle.
She was to accompany Sir William and his second daughter.
She was too much puzzled to make any other remark.
She was trying to pass the apron string around him.
She was unfairly criticised
She was up to her chin in salt water.
She was very much attached to me — very much.
She was vexed, but she did not proceed.
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
She wasn't able to anticipate the strike.
She wasn't able to go swimming as she had a verruca on her foot
She wasn't sure whether to buy the estate car, or the saloon version
She wasn’t able to get through, as the line was engaged
She wasn’t able to shed any light on the problem, unfortunately.
She watched him a little anxiously as she took it.
She wears woollen clothes or natural fibres such as silk, cotton or linen.
She went from hero to zero in a heartbeat.
She went to to the chemist to buy her medication
She will be married at sixteen!
She will be married!
She will be taken good care of.
She will follow wherever Lydia leads.
She won gold at the Olympics on the asymmetric bars
She won’t be here tonight; you must undress yourself.
She would not even wish for a renewal of his attentions.
She would soon think of some way.
She wrapped the presents beautifully.
She wrote to me every day, without fail.
She'd make a good wife for the cashier.
She's a fantastic knitter.
She's a professional film critic, and a very good one.
She's a slippery customer, no two ways about it.
She's always tried to be a domestic goddess.
She's focusing on her studies.
She's really pushing her luck!
She's totally obsessed.
She's trying to encourage underrepresented groups to edit Wikipedia
Sheldon glanced at the thermometer.
Sherbet is sweet.
Sherry trifle is the tops!
She’d be sadly grieved to hear you.
She’d deny it, and so would my master.
She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!
She’ll wake up soon, don't worry
She’s living at a relation’s, far enough off.
She’s making me feel really uncomfortable.
She’s mistaken, I said to myself.
She’s too good a creature for me, Sammy.
Shook his head.
Shooting pains passed like flashes of electricity through his body.
Shorty turned to their employers.
Should I use Keras or Pytorch?
Should I use json or yaml in this case?
Shouldn’t they have been happy?
Show me again on the action replay
Show me relevant results.
Shrewd creatures, those lawyers.
Shush! I'm in the middle of a muffin emergency.
Shut the window, Ellen!
Shut your eyes up tight.
Si vous réussissez celui-ci, le second sera plus…pratique.
Si vous voulez, par exemple. Ou un kidnapping.
Si. j’imagine que si.
Silence all round, if you please!
Silent Night.
Silicon Valley is a hub of tech talent.
Simon loves musical theatre.
Since then some mysterious force has been fighting us at every step.
Since then, I’ve told Linton he must whisper his bitter things.
Single, my dear, to be sure!
Sinon ils le tuent. Mais il faudra rembourser le prêt, Sara, si vous payez.
Sir Walter had joined us, and presently MacGillivray arrived.
Sir Walter is engaged, sir, and I have orders to admit no one.
Sir Walter’s face showed surprise and annoyance.
Sir William did not say much.
Sir William had been delighted with him.
Sir William, how can you tell such a story?
Sir, I do indeed.
Sit down, and let me hear it all.
Sit on the settle and let me lean on your knee.
Sitting well back in the shadow I watched them carefully.
Slice the aubergine.
Slow down!
Slowly but surely.
Slowly that thorn let me go.
Sly, Mr. Pickwick, sly.
Smith, Roberts and Jones formed a band.
Snakes and ladders is a game of chance.
Snakes and ladders is a very popular board game
Snakes and scorpions are best avoided.
So Dab-Dab went out to look for it.
So Gub-Gub went and woke the Doctor who was taking a nap.
So Hughie and I did the managing ourselves.
So I came back, full of sadness, to my father’s kingdom.
So I come to you for help.
So I set out all my conclusions on a bit of Admiralty paper.
So I was.
So I would be the next to go.
So a lot that he said slipped clean out of my memory.
So cheer up, and give us your paw.
So far I had been miraculously lucky.
So far as flags were concerned, they were beyond all jurisdiction.
So genteel and easy!
So get on my back and we will make the attempt.
So he hurried after the Doctor and told him to run.
So he led the way and the others followed.
So he struck a match.
So he walked to the Throne Room and knocked at the door.
So hereafter you must all serve him, and obey his slightest wish.
So here’s a question for you.
So high and so conceited that there was no enduring him!
So his mother thumped him, and he cried melodiously.
So imprudent a match on both sides!
So in this way he went on getting more and more pets.
So many ponies munching; very pretty!
So much the man of fashion!
So much the worse for me that I am strong.
So on and so forth.
So she called softly after it, ‘Mouse dear!’
So she got up, and held out her hand.
So she said, the irate skipper dashed on.
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she went in search of her hedgehog.
So the Sabbath was the reason for this strange decorum.
So the Wizard unfastened his head and emptied out the straw.
So the lady screamed, and he started.
So the monkeys traveled back with the pushmi-pullyu.
So there he stood, and there he listened.
So they couldn’t get them out again.
So they got their tails fast in their mouths.
So they got thrown out to sea.
So they had to fall a long way.
So they kept walking until Dorothy could stand no longer.
So they started upon their journey once more.
So unexpected was my charge that I knocked him off his feet.
So was Mr. Pickwick, for he was seldom otherwise.
So was Packard's finish suicide.
So was the old lady, for she had been winning at whist.
So we could have some respite.
So we have to fit the boat throughout with oil lamps as well.
So you are caught again!
So you have carried your intention into effect.
So you’ve been spilt, eh?
So, as I was saying.
So, how do you explain that?
So, what do you propose?
So, what now?
Soaked in seawater they offset the heat rays.
Soccer is known as Football in England.
Social media has taken over our lives.
Social media is useful, but scary.
Society is shaken to its foundations.
Society, I own, is necessary to me.
Software development can be expensive.
Some areas are still closed after the incident.
Some boy, she laughed acquiescence.
Some cases are just too complex.
Some consider that army discipline is good for young people.
Some eat turkey for Thanksgiving, but I ate lasagna.
Some employers think it easiest just to hire and fire.
Some like to fabricate distinctions between a lady and a woman.
Some of the smaller veins had doubtless been ruptured.
Some one had thrust a large sheath-knife into his hand.
Some passersby fortunately caught him as he fell.
Some people are calling for a software developers' professional code of conduct.
Some people like to have vinegar with their chips
Some people maintain that an Englishman’s house is his castle.
Some people think it more polite to say napkin rather than serviette
Some people use the word toilet, some prefer loo
Some places get snow in the winter and others don't.
Some plastics consist of composite materials.
Some time or other we shall be happy to hear you.
Somebody had written up a list of number plates on the noticeboard
Somebody has to address the public policy issues - but not me.
Somebody should say something
Somehow I did not think he had, and to that I had clung.
Somehow or other he couldn’t sleep — always restless and uncomfortable.
Somehow the place soothed me and put me at my ease.
Someone must have been searching for something — perhaps for the pocket-book.
Someone stole the crown!
Someone switched on the light.
Something about it seemed to fascinate him, to challenge his presence.
Something dropped on me, catching the point of my left shoulder.
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue.
Something that Whittemore had not yet said thrilled him.
Something vastly more thrilling had come into it now.
Sometimes I watch Netflix, and sometimes Virgin Media.
Sometimes he would lay down the paper and turn his glasses on the sea.
Sometimes her dreams were filled with visions.
Sometimes they don’t want to make a noise.
Somewhere behind me I felt fresh air.
Soon after the Scarecrow stopped.
Soon shall it be thrust back from off prostrate humanity.
Sorbet is a type of water ice
Sorry, I can't see. I've lost my glasses
Sorry, I don't know my way around campus yet.
Sorry, I missed that.
Sorry, I really didn't mean it.
Sorry, are you reading that brochure?
Sorry, but we need your original birth certificate, not a copy.
Sorry, my calendar is full until late next week.
Sorry, that book is no longer in circulation.
Sound waves aren't able to propagate through a vacuum.
Sounds of more broken glass.
Soup of the evening, beautiful soup!
Soutenez la Picardie libre, par exemple, on a préparé plusieurs scénarios.
Sow the seeds firmly in the ground.
Speak the truth, now.
Speak to Lizzy about it yourself.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly
Speeding increases the risk of car accidents.
Spicy baked feta.
Spicy prawn and garlic pasta.
Spirited piece of work, that!
Splendid morning, gentlemen.
Sportsman, sir?’ abruptly turning to Mr. Winkle.
Spring onions are very tasty in a salad
Stand and deliver, the highwayman said.
Stand aside, then.
Stand off butcher and baker and all the rest.
Stay all night?
Stay and listen; please don't go
Stay, stay, I will go myself.
Steady, sir, steady!
Steel is easily recyclable.
Steel is widely recycled.
Step this way, please, and I will tell you all about it.
Step this way.
Stephen caught a huge pike yesterday
Stephen unraveled the bandage carefully.
Steps, not dock steps, and so place probably not harbour.
Steve grossly underestimated the magnitude of the problem.
Stick the stamp on the envelope.
Still I managed to pull myself together.
Still no sign of anything on the road.
Still nothing appeared on that long white road.
Still, something could be done, I suppose, if it were absolutely necessary.
Stop acting like such special snowflakes.
Stop fooling, damn you!
Stop harassing me!
Stop in the tea-room.
Stop pestering me!
Storms are predicted across the Pacific Ocean.
Straight and swift I ran, and no one dared to stop me.
Straight out they swam, their heads growing smaller and smaller.
Such a countenance, such manners!
Such a disappointment!
Such a dog the wise driver kills, or turns loose.
Such a number of men standing about!
Such a smile, gentlemen!
Such a soft sweet voice it had!
Such amiable qualities must speak for themselves.
Such an act was in direct violation of the laws of the land.
Such an understanding is nowhere expressed.
Such doings discomposed Mr. Bennet exceedingly.
Such goings on, Sammy!
Such ignorance!” sniffed Too-Too.
Such is my passage engaged on the steamer.
Such men believe, when they come together.
Such things had occurred before, he told Philip.
Such things in her brain were like so many oaths on her lips.
Such very superior dancing is not often seen.
Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through the house.
Suddenly Jeanne stopped for an instant.
Suddenly Uncle Henry stood up.
Suddenly he frowned.
Suddenly his fingers closed tightly over the handkerchief.
Suddenly my prisoner broke from me and flung himself on the wall.
Suddenly she brightened up.
Suddenly the crowd set up a great cheering.
Suddenly they rushed upon him.
Summer solstice is typically June twenty-first, but sometimes it's earlier or later.
Summer vacation is the best time of the year!
Suppose you saw me at work through the window.
Supposing it were a sign of death!
Supposing we take a little rest here.
Sur le bureau, un stylo Mont Blanc l’attendait visiblement
Sure he will not leave London before he has found them.
Sure, just grab whatever you need.
Surely I will excuse you, she cried.
Surely everyone keeps a pet mouse in their pocket?
Surely no wild beast could wish a pleasanter home.
Surely nobody keeps a vehicle in their garage?
Surgery for frozen shoulder is not particularly effective.
Surprise was the least of her feelings on this development.
Surprisingly, pink is not one of the colours of the rainbow.
Susan repeatedly denied surprising him.
Susceptibility to her feelings - which are naturally lively enough.
Swallows, I thank you for waiting for us.
Sweet-and-sour chicken.
Swiftly his eyes measured the situation.
Swiss citizens can very often speak French and German.
Ta very much.
Tack this picture to the wall.
Take any big Teutonic business concern.
Take away their foreman and they wouldn't be worth their grub.
Take care of animals instead — they’ll soon find it out.
Take down that scandalous red handkerchief, I beg.
Take him home with you and your fortune’s made.
Take kindly the counsel of the years
Take my advice and accept the vacation.
Take notes; this is important.
Take that fellow’s staff away.
Take the book, gentlemen.
Take the candle, and go where you please.
Take the one on the left and close it behind you.
Take the road to the South and you will soon reach it.
Take warning and begone!
Take your choice!
Take your choice, but you must be satisfied with only one.
Taken with another fit of cowardice, I cried out for Joseph.
Tap to exit.
Tea or coffee, Sir?
Tears never yet wound up a clock, or worked a steam engine.
Tease calmness of manner and presence of mind!
Tease him — laugh at him.
Technology can augment the physical capabilities of humans.
Technology can enable disabled people to become physically capable and independent.
Technology is advancing so rapidly, it's hard to keep up.
Technology plays a vital role in reaching people following natural disasters.
Tell him to Sod Off!
Tell me now, can you?
Tell me the composition of this material.
Tell me the meaning of this strange talk, and I will.
Tell me what I’ve said to grieve him?
Tell me when to fire.
Tell me, did you turn to Humpty Dumpty?
Tell the truth, Heathcliff!
Tell them all to go away.
Ten minutes had not elapsed since he had dropped the handkerchief.
Ten minutes later the innkeeper slipped into the room, his eyes bright with excitement.
Ten minutes past nine!’ said the little man, looking at his watch.
Tenez, voici un engagement de non divulgation de notre part.
Tensorflow runs faster with a graphics card.
Thank God it was a black night.
Thank goodness that polio has been eradicated.
Thank you ever so much for saving my life.
Thank you. Will definitely investigate.
Thankfully the autonomous car detected the obstruction and avoided a collision.
Thanks so much for the kind pressie.
That Longfellow chap most likely had written countless books of poetry.
That abominable Mr. Darcy!
That accounts for it,’ said the Hatter.
That ain’t the worst on it, neither.
That all sounds a bit of a kerfuffle.
That animal is a Zebra.
That bird knew more geography than people will ever know.
That boat is nearer now.
That book you wrote — about cats, why, it’s wonderful!
That brute of a lad has warmed me nicely.
That bump looks swollen. It's probably been swelling all night.
That came before my A B C's.
That cat is constantly shedding hairs.
That chap must have been a superb actor.
That chocolate tiffin was the best!
That didn't occur to me until after the war.
That does grieve me.
That doesn't sound true. I bet he's fibbing.
That for the third time, you dunce!
That gentleman was fast asleep; the restoration was soon made.
That had no doubt been taken by his murderer.
That he was not a good-tempered man had been her firmest opinion.
That includes you, Robert.
That inscription is now erased.
That is a truly shocking account.
That is an improvement, I thought.
That is how I’m loved!
That is not my Heathcliff.
That is not my forte.
That is the end of her.
That is the most diabolical deed that ever you did.
That is the place to get husbands.
That is the pushmi-pullyu.
That is the strange part of it.
That is ugly enough in itself.
That is what distinguishes all of us from the lower animals.
That is why I am, am rattled, he laughed.
That kind of one-upmanship will ruin their friendship.
That little man was clean grit all through, without a soft spot in him.
That made me do some savage thinking.
That man I’ve seen before.
That marmoset that isn't mine; it's theirs!
That may very well be.
That means, there aren’t any more.
That melody really tugs at the heartstrings, doesn't it?
That might be an option, but I doubt it.
That mince pie was really tasty.
That morning’s breakfast passed heavily off.
That must be the reason you were so untidy in my dream
That must have been quite a shock.
That part of his letter was simple, and probably his own.
That picture's askew, you know.
That really doesn't seem appropriate.
That really takes the biscuit
That reply will do for the present.
That retaining wall doesn’t look very secure
That room was even worse.
That seemed as good a direction to take as any other.
That seems to be an effective payment plan
That she should receive an offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy!
That smile, and ghastly paleness!
That the two cousins may fall in love, and get married.
That wants a pretty steady heart.
That was a great advance for the lad.
That was a rough ride.
That was about all I wanted.
That was an excellent, interesting and important talk.
That was an hour ago!
That was hardly a generous response.
That was my only chance.
That was not a nice thing to say
That was not long.
That was one of the hardest jobs I ever took on.
That was the Portland Place murder.
That was the day after Agatha’s wedding.
That was the idea, and a pretty good one too.
That was the trouble with Sarah — she would fuss.
That was the way I had to look at it.
That was their pleasure!
That wasn't in the script.
That wasn’t difficult, for I’m no slouch at disguises.
That watch belonged to my grandfather.
That will be a queer thing, to be sure!
That will do to explain my secret, as well as the other.
That will protect the upstairs rooms from water damage.
That will require congressional approval.
That won’t help you.
That would be the greatest misfortune of all!
That would lead to developments.
That's Game Set and Match to Murray
That's Thorpe's, said the young engineer.
That's a bit of a conundrum!
That's a classic medieval conundrum.
That's a common reaction.
That's a crazy coincidence!
That's a novel idea.
That's a rather specialised item, are you certain it's what your wife would enjoy?
That's a very cosy living room
That's admirable
That's boring, babe, and you're never boring!
That's hardly necessary.
That's just pure drivel!
That's natural.
That's no way to speak to your wife.
That's not my role here.
That's not new, it's an established convention in the industry.
That's not too dusty.
That's one of the more alarmist sci-fi forecasts.
That's perfectly in keeping with the period
That's ridiculous, we're just filming a commercial.
That's the largest stretch of fan vaulting in the country.
That's the sub-foreman, explained Thorpe.
That's too hot! Use an oven glove!
That's what Carnegie did.
That's where they cut off the Scottish Chiefs and killed all hands.
That's why its boundaries are all gouged and jagged.
That, I was pretty clear, was his intention.
That’s a good long way.
That’s a great tempter to a desperate man, is it not?
That’s all right.
That’s all you know, you stupid piece of warm bacon!
That’s all.’ ‘Arrange the procession,’ cried the twenty committee-men.
That’s an apocalyptic scenario.
That’s an even greater mistake.
That’s as mamma used to do, whole afternoons together.
That’s awesome, he said wonderingly.
That’s done.
That’s enough; let me alone.
That’s his impudence — that’s his confounded impudence.
That’s interesting, I’m actually an animal rights campaigner.
That’s just gobbledegook! Please rephrase it in plain English
That’s just the very sort of thing he’d do.
That’s just what I complain of!
That’s law.
That’s my card, sir.
That’s not the plan.
That’s not the way: upstairs, I tell you!
That’s really not obvious
That’s right — look sharp.
That’s the end of my move.
That’s the fourth personage these animals have driven away.
That’s the man.
That’s the proper style.
That’s very interesting.
That’s what the name is called.
That’s what you call a History of England, that is.
That’s what you ought to do.
The Amazon River is the longest in the world.
The Anglo-Saxon language is commonly known as Old English.
The Arctic is cold.
The Battle Hymn of the Republic.
The Beta version will be released soon.
The Black Stone didn’t need to bolt.
The British speed limit on a dual carriageway is seventy miles an hour
The Buddha was a teacher, not a god.
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Cathedral has a lovely interior.
The Celts were expert metalworkers, in gold, silver and bronze.
The Churchill narrowed and its current became swifter as they progressed.
The Claudine was leaving next morning for Honolulu.
The Committee on Committees is a real thing.
The Cowardly Lion was beginning to tremble.
The Daily Telegraph is a right-wing British newspaper.
The Defence Spending Review has revealed a multi-million pound shortfall.
The Doctor and all his animals were gone.
The Doctor and the rest were taken before the King.
The Doctor stooped and picked it up.
The Doctor turned the handle but it wouldn’t open.
The Doctor was paralysed.
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Duchess, the Duchess!
The Duodenum is part of the small intestine.
The Easter Bunny doesn’t really exist.
The Eldorado emptied its occupants into the street to see the test.
The Emerald City was soon left far behind.
The English solicitor spoke to his Scottish advocate colleague
The European Union is a highly successful geopolitical entity.
The Eyes looked at her thoughtfully.
The Fibonacci sequence is surprisingly common in nature.
The Fire People, like ourselves, lived in caves.
The Fire-Men wore animal skins around their waists and across their shoulders.
The First Annual Dodgeball Tournament is about to begin.
The First Lord is ill, and has gone to Sheringham.
The First of the Seventy-First is come.
The Flat Earth Society has members around the globe.
The G-force pushed him back against the seat.
The Gabriel voice of the Samurai rang out.
The Gala was fun.
The Haber Process is an industrial process for producing ammonia
The Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's Messiah.
The Hatter shook his head mournfully.
The Hatter was the first to break the silence.
The Head shot forward and struck the Scarecrow.
The Heights were Heathcliff’s land, and he was reproving the poacher.
The Heimlich manoeuvre is a lifesaving first aid technique.
The Higgs particle has been nicknamed the God particle.
The High Court takes appeals from the County Courts.
The Holly and the Ivy.
The Home Secretary is brazenly refusing to answer any questions
The Indian even poked his stick into the thick ground spruce.
The Indian felt the worship of her warm in his heart.
The Island of Sheep is a book by the Scottish author John Buchan
The Italian rancho was a bachelor establishment.
The Japanese understood as we could never school ourselves or hope to understand.
The Java programming language makes use of parentheses characters.
The King bowed low before Dorothy, and asked, "What is your command?"
The King broadcast to the nation.
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.
The King’s men are quite close now — Look at them!
The King’s men came running up at once and caught them.
The Knave shook his head sadly.
The Knight looked surprised at the question.
The Knight looked very much surprised, and a little offended at the remark.
The Knight shook his head.
The Law of Club and Fang
The Lion ate some of the porridge.
The Lion hesitated no longer, but drank till the dish was empty.
The Lion looked at Alice wearily.
The Lion thought for a moment.
The Lion was also puzzled to know what was wrong.
The Lord bless us!
The Lord forgive us!
The Lord is my Shepherd.
The Manchester conference will have a keynote speech about analogue photography.
The Martian was strange-looking: small and squat with gigantic feet.
The Messiah is Handel's most popular choral work
The Mexican explained what he meant.
The Military will adhere to international laws and standards.
The Minister has reached new heights of incompetence.
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Monkey wound many coils about his body.
The Monkey's leader and the Witch.
The Monkeys caught Dorothy in their arms and flew away with her.
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Munchkin farmer who made you?
The Navy has committed all their frigates to the operation.
The Oligarchy wanted violence, and it set its agents provocateurs to work.
The Oligarchy will encourage such ambition and the consequent competition.
The Oncologist outlined a treatment plan for the cancer patient.
The P in pneumonia is silent, corrected David, groaning.
The Pickwick Club exists no longer.
The Portuguese boy crawled nearer and nearer.
The Portuguese boy passed the Hawaiian.
The President of the United States was his friend.
The President would like to speak with you.
The Prime Minister appeared on television this evening.
The Prime Minister is unlikely to win the next election
The Prince was away fishing for salmon in the river.
The Queen gasped and shut her eyes.
The Queen of the Mice was the last to leave.
The Queen will hear you.
The Queen!’ and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon their faces.
The Realtor will arrive soon.
The Red List is a framework for monitoring ecosystems.
The Red Queen believed six impossible things before breakfast
The Resident Commissioner is away in Australia.
The Russian music player, the Count, was her obedient slave.
The Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman ate nothing at all.
The Scarecrow began to grumble a bit.
The Scarecrow did not know what she was doing.
The Scarecrow sat on the big throne.
The Scarecrow sighed.
The Soldier with the green whiskers led them through the streets.
The Stork carried him up into the air.
The Sun, Mirror and Daily Mail are British tabloids.
The Surveyor must just report me.
The Tale of Two Cities is on the landing.
The Tin Woodman appeared to think deeply for a moment.
The Tinman was chopping a tree.
The Tinsmiths worked for three days and four nights.
The United Kingdom consists of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge are both collegiate institutions
The Warden with a quart of champagne.
The White Queen laughed with delight, and stroked Alice’s cheek.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
The Winged Monkeys had helped her do this.
The Winter is still a long way off.
The Witch of the South.
The accident damaged the car beyond repair, and it was a write-off
The accounts have discrepancies.
The accounts were up to date.
The action man knew very well how to abseil down the building
The actor rose to international acclaim.
The actors spent months submerged in freezing cold water.
The added weight had a velocity of fifteen miles per hour.
The adjective our gave mortal offence.
The administration has a reputation for burying bad news stories.
The advantage was too great to be recovered.
The advocate acted both for the prosecution and the defence.
The aeroplane was late.
The aim of the whole conspiracy was to get Russia and Germany at loggerheads.
The air force suffered horrific casualties.
The air in the hut was close and oppressive.
The alien was a rather fetching aquamarine colour.
The apparition had outstripped me: it stood looking through the gate.
The apron string loomed near and he shied like an unbroken colt.
The arches of Waterloo Bridge.
The area was devastated during the war.
The argument was measured and forensic throughout.
The articulated lorry jackknifed in the middle of the road
The artificial intelligence codebase was a byzantine mess of if statements.
The ascent of Everest was his life's ambition
The assailant was caught.
The author is a blogger and social media phenomenon.
The author writes under a pseudonym.
The average person won't know the difference.
The award should go to the one who has tried hardest.
The awe of man rushed over him again.
The baby felt a breeze of wind and awoke.
The baby was put to sleep every night in her cot
The back door stood open, and a grave butler was awaiting me.
The bacterium was isolated from household waste.
The balloon rose into the air without her.
The bartender had never worked in a bar before
The battery ran out.
The bell did ring in due course, and Mr. Weller presented himself.
The big chalk headland in Kent, close to Bradgate.
The big-eyed, clucking moose-birds were most annoying.
The bike drove at five kilometers per hour.
The bird emitted an ear-piercing screech.
The bird had stubby wings and a long bill.
The black fabric had faded to a deep purple colour.
The board decided to liaise with the staff rather than imposing their will.
The board meeting is next Wednesday.
The boat nearly held together, but then it sank.
The book is a critical first hand account of the criminal justice system.
The boy answered me back, and was very cheeky
The boy at the wheel lost his head.
The boy grew and prospered.
The boy had by this time finished the pie.
The boy hesitated, then mastered his temper.
The boy hoped that his mum would be able to help
The boy made no sign.
The boy shouted; four birds flew out.
The boy threw back his head with pride.
The boy, O'Brien, was specially maltreated.
The bracelet costs ten pounds fifty-two
The branches bent down and twined around him.
The bright red flowers multiplied and covered the south bank.
The building was largely built of breezeblocks
The bulk of the story is told in flashback.
The bungalow looked mean, neglected, and in need of work.
The business is an incorporated company.
The butchers and meat cutters refused to handle meat destined for unfair restaurants.
The butler made no bones about admitting this new visitor.
The butler was coming up by train with the luggage.
The can was made out of aluminium.
The candidate had lied repeatedly in order to get elected
The capitalists would rake in the cash, and make fortunes by buying up wreckage.
The car accidentally followed the bus into the bus lane.
The car drove smooth and quiet.
The car headlights were reflected in the puddle.
The car was made of lightweight Carbon Fibre.
The car was overdue for service by three years!
The car was semi-autonomous.
The cards were stacked against her.
The careers adviser recommended an apprenticeship.
The carjacker ran away when he saw the dog baring its teeth.
The carpet fitter laid the carpet, but forgot the underlay
The car’s silencer was broken, and it was making an awful noise
The cat Sarita pounced on her owners lap.
The cat began to chase the mouse.
The cat burglar tried to burgle the bookshop on the local High Street
The cat harassed the pygmy vole.
The census is only recorded every ten years in the United States.
The central area of a hurricane is called the eye
The chair remained motionless, and spoke not a word.
The chair would not be drawn into conversation.
The championship will be ours!
The charity needs a governance review urgently
The cheapest method of digging a trench is called cut and cover.
The cheese omelette was burned badly.
The chemistry laboratory was next to the biology lab
The chessmen were walking about, two and two!
The child threw the dolly out of the window.
The child was given a dummy to keep him quiet
The child was not very agile, and kept falling over
The children bought toffee apples to eat at the funfair
The children have been wanting me this half hour.
The children idolise him, and so indeed does the whole neighbourhood.
The children loved playing in the paddling pool during the summer holidays
The children tried to build a den in the woods
The children were never satisfied.
The children’s voices melded beautifully in song.
The child’s young heart was breaking.
The churches are coming together to provide disaster relief.
The city is one kilometer away.
The city was founded three centuries ago.
The classteacher disciplined Charlie for pinching.
The cleverest one deserves the prize.
The clock at Euston Station showed five minutes past the hour.
The clock on the mantelpiece struck ten o’clock.
The closing of the door recalled him to himself.
The clothes were torn.
The coast guard rescued passengers of a sinking vessel.
The coast was clear.
The coastline is eroding at an accelerating rate.
The code compiled in just under an hour.
The coffee shop sells cappuccino, flat white, and standard white coffee with milk
The college was established in eighteen fifty seven.
The colours of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The command was not to be resisted.
The common law is a creature of the judges, not of statute.
The company had an office on the town's trading estate
The company saved millions on its corporation tax bill.
The company should have been more candid years ago.
The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt.
The computer threw spurious errors.
The convict drew closer to him.
The correct pronunciation is.
The counterfeiter was caught at the corner of River Road and Thirtieth Street.
The couple had a row last night.
The court ordered me to pay a hundred thousand dollars in damages.
The court was in a crumbling, decaying building.
The creative joy, I murmured.
The cricket club’s groundsman is called Bob
The cups and saucers were laid ready.
The cushion had been removed, and the Bible was not there.
The customer is always right, or so it is said
The dancer made simultaneous movements.
The dataset was too huge to be loaded on memory.
The date was nearly eighteen years old.
The day she was buried, there came a fall of snow.
The days of free school milk are long gone.
The deadline is tomorrow week
The decorator should have protected your carpet with a dust sheet
The dejection was almost universal.
The delusion did not last long.
The demonstration turned violent, and ended in a huge punch-up
The desert was sprinkled with icing sugar
The design of this map is awful.
The detector always has to be calibrated before use
The device has a gyro motor.
The diamond ring glittered and sparkled in the bright sunshine.
The dinner was exceedingly handsome.
The dinner was quickly despatched, and they walked out together.
The dinosaurs are breeding!
The director wasn't happy with the change.
The dirk mentioned by Wolf Larsen rested in its sheath on my hip.
The disclosure must be made.
The discovery seemed to have been made on the spur of the moment.
The distance is nothing when one has a motive; only three miles.
The distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly.
The documentation for Keras is available in Japanese.
The dog ate my homework.
The dog became docile after eating food.
The dog's name is Bailey.
The dogs do right to be vigilant.
The door closed.
The door of the back room opened, and the First Sea Lord came out.
The door stood open.
The door was unlocked.
The draft needs to be copy edited
The drawer drew a lifelike image of the man.
The driver reiterated his former statement.
The dungeon was empty.
The earth shook when he walked — he was so very stout.
The eastern heavens were equally spectacular.
The echidna is a fascinating creature that lay eggs.
The ecology exam went pretty well in the circumstances.
The economy seems very volatile at the moment.
The effigy was ritually torched.
The egg seems to get further away the more I walk towards it.
The element sulfur can also be spelled sulphur
The emotion which she had suppressed burst forth now in a choking sob.
The employment pleased both mightily.
The end result is always the same.
The engine arrived on a pallet.
The engine will be sent via palletized delivery.
The entreaties to remain were pressing, but he was inflexible.
The entry was scarcely completed when they reached the Golden Cross.
The envelope had already been opened.
The envelope itself was likewise full.
The estate agent specialised in selling townhouses, though she sometimes handled flats
The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family.
The evening of their expected arrival came.
The evening was excellent.
The event of this evening has reconciled me to God and humanity!
The evolution of computer science has transformed the world.
The excessive heat evaporated nearly all the water.
The exercise had warmed my blood, and I was beginning to enjoy myself amazingly.
The express was sent off directly.
The expression of her face seemed disturbed and anxious.
The eyes dilated.
The eyes looked at her thoughtfully for a full minute.
The fact is, the girl was washing the glasses.
The falcon watched its prey.
The false wizard looked at him carefully.
The family were assembled in the breakfast room to receive them.
The farmer works the soil and produces grain.
The fat boy almost laughed again when he heard this suggestion.
The fat boy pointed to the destination of the pies.
The fat boy shook his head.
The fat boy, for once, had not been fast asleep.
The favour of your company has been much felt, I assure you.
The federal court.
The fee is one hundred dollars.
The fellow is as handsome a rustic as need be seen.
The fever was at its height.
The fighting had now become intermittent.
The film plays homage to the classic by Alfred Hitchcock.
The film was withdrawn shortly after the premiere.
The film's special effects were absolutely outstanding.
The finest lad that ever breathed!
The fingerprint is a perfect match.
The first Noel.
The first airplane was flown a little over a century ago.
The first five square numbers are one, four, nine, sixteen and twenty-five
The first letter of the name of the deceased.
The first object of consideration was to secure quarters for the night.
The first planet from the sun is Mercury, and the second is Venus
The first thing he did was to take me round to Scotland Yard.
The five letters of “Julia” gave me the position of the vowels.
The flat consisted of a lounge, kitchen and two bedrooms.
The flight to Australia was long.
The flooding caused billions of dollars in damage and the loss of several lives.
The floor was wet.
The flower of the artistic and intellectual world were revolutionists.
The flower rota at the village church was maintained by the local parishioners
The flush was gone from her face.
The fog was dense and impenetrable to light.
The fool had chosen this day of all days to be late.
The forces of evil must not prevail.
The foreign minister appears to know little about the international situation.
The founder of the company.
The four hundred and ninety-first is too much.
The four men came back unaccompanied also.
The fourth and fifth days passed without any developments.
The fourth of July, or Independence Day, is an important day for many Americans.
The frog hopped around.
The game had not yet commenced.
The game itself does not play well.
The gay and non-binary communities are very diverse.
The gentleman nodded to me.
The gentleman took my card.
The gentry who are after me are pretty bright-eyed citizens.
The girl faced him, her eyes shining with sudden fear.
The girl smiles.
The glass shattered.
The global statistics are shocking.
The gorilla had a beautiful grey back.
The governor received a suspicious package and the police had to investigate.
The grace notes were sung perfectly by the soprano, but badly by the alto
The grass is greener where you water it.
The gray eyes faltered; the flush deepened.
The great art of riding, as I was saying, is to keep your balance.
The green car overtook us on a dangerous bend.
The grey church looked greyer, and the lonely churchyard lonelier.
The ground was measured, and preliminaries arranged.
The gull intends to harass the picnickers.
The hardware shop wasn't able to supply nails or screws.
The harvest moon shone clear outside.
The hash sign is sometimes known as the number sign or the pound sign
The headlights of the oncoming traffic were too bright.
The headmaster was a very stern man
The headteacher was a devotee of traditional teaching
The heat was a short one.
The hippopotamus was far too heavy for him to lift.
The history of our westward-faring race is written in it.
The history of the eighteenth century is written, Ernest prompted.
The horrific smell could barely be tolerated.
The horse always leads the cart, never vice versa.
The hotel has a pool, so don't forget to pack your swimming costume
The hours crept anxiously by: another evening came.
The house I have taken is at Dulwich.
The house stood as open as a market-place for anybody to observe.
The house was built of brick, stone and metal, and had plastic window frames.
The house was built using concrete.
The house was divided into sections.
The house was just by the railway, right next to the tracks
The house with the red door.
The huge N on the logo cast a shadow in the street.
The hunters were still arguing and roaring like some semi-human amphibious breed.
The hydro-electric dam generates cheap electricity for the community.
The hydroelectric power station generated electricity.
The hyena proceeded to dine.
The idiots are in charge.
The image file was supplied in jpeg format.
The image was too faint and needed to be enhanced.
The immediate thing to do was to get to the loneliest roads.
The infection will spread to the heart if it's not treated.
The innkeeper appeared in great excitement.
The innovative shading made it look almost three-dimensional.
The interest was intense.
The internet has only been around for a few decades.
The intimacy thus commenced grew rapidly; though it encountered temporary interruptions.
The issue was not in doubt.
The issued affidavit was received.
The items may vary in price.
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
The jeans shrank the very first time they were washed.
The jewel in the crown.
The journey was continued at dawn.
The jovial party broke up next morning.
The judicial system is slow and complicated.
The jury all brightened up again.
The kids are playing hide and seek in the barn.
The kids played with their grandparents.
The kids promised not to steal anything.
The kindness of my uncle and aunt can never be requited.
The kitten was a mischievous little thing.
The kiwi is a flightless bird of New Zealand.
The lace was of a delicate ivory color, faintly tinted with yellow.
The ladder reached the second floor.
The lady made no answer, but she smiled again.
The lady started.
The lady turned aside her head.
The lady, as we have already stated, was near the door.
The lamp shone brightly and lit up the whole room.
The land adjacent the Nile is extremely fertile
The land exchanged its austere robes for the garb of a smiling wanton.
The landlord slightly inclined his head.
The lands, being a minor, he could not meddle with.
The larynx is part of the throat.
The last one I knew was an overseer.
The last refugee had passed.
The last twenty-four hours had produced a frightful alteration.
The last word was with Peter.
The latter was thinking only of his breakfast.
The lawyer signed the licence in ink.
The lawyer was Greek, or possibly Spanish.
The leader of the wolves.
The learning rate should be small, close to zero.
The lease is due to expire.
The legal action comprised a claim and counterclaim.
The legislative process is excruciatingly log.
The letter i is conventionally used to represent the square root of minus one.
The letter was signed with only an X.
The letters, too, bespeak the character of the man.
The library contains vast amounts of knowledge.
The life there was healthful and athletic, but too juvenile.
The light flashed on his features as I spoke.
The lights were not lit, which struck me as odd.
The lines were now very taut.
The list goes on and on.
The little boy again grew sad.
The little doctor thirsted for his life.
The little dog was yelping in the garden.
The little man had told me a pack of lies.
The little pink ones are so cute.
The lived on a housing estate, in a council flat
The livery of his degradation!
The local press is in decline, and is scrabbling for revenue.
The lock was re-secured.
The log on which Lop-Ear was lying got adrift.
The long-lived bridge still stands today.
The loose S on the sign swung precariously in the wind.
The luckless adventure made Earnshaw furious.
The lush vegetation of that sheltered spot make a natural shield.
The madman’s cunning had overreached them all.
The magazine predicted that there would be nightmare shortages.
The magician pulled out his pocket handkerchief with a flourish.
The majority of the human body consists of water.
The man had moved into a sitting posture.
The man smiled grimly, and brought a hatchet and a club.
The man took his charge stealthily across the grass towards the stable.
The man was going to be the occasion.
The management consultant was on secondment to the struggling start-up
The manufacturers will charge more if we demand the change.
The man’s heart swelled as he crossed the stile.
The master had retired to rest before we came in.
The master says you’re to go down the chimney!
The material may tear if tugged excessively.
The meal hardly endured ten minutes.
The mechanic was particularly tall.
The men I was matched against would miss no detail.
The men stared into each other's face.
The merger will not sit well with the regulators.
The metric system is based on units, tens and hundreds
The midnight hour has struck, and I must sleep.
The milk-maid cried angrily; "see what you have done!"
The mill had been long out of use.
The mincemeat used in mince pies doesn't contain any meat
The minister has outstanding negotiating skills.
The mischief of neglect and mistaken indulgence towards such a girl.
The mob came on, but it could not advance.
The mobile phone signal can be very patchy outside built-up areas
The model for vision in really complex.
The moment of her release from him was ecstasy.
The monarch was frantic at the loss of his son.
The moon had already begun its westward decline.
The moon was well on its last quarter and would not rise till late.
The more his opponents grew excited, the more Ernest deliberately excited them.
The morning was wearing away; he grew desperate.
The most popular stall at the village fete was the lucky dip
The most popular type of council housing is a council house
The motor I had observed half an hour ago must have gone home.
The motor has failed.
The motorway was deadlocked.
The mouse disappeared through a hole in the skirting board
The mouse lived in a small hole in the skirting board
The movie spawned many franchises.
The murdered do haunt their murderers, I believe.
The museum had a rare Vase.
The musical chorus kicked in.
The musicians pulled off the bass drop with incredible skill.
The name Randy is not found very often in Britain.
The name flashed across my memory.
The nation of France invented croissants.
The naughty thing never made her appearance at tea.
The nearest gas station is on Veterans Boulevard.
The necessity must be obeyed, and further apology would be absurd.
The network administrator resolved the connectivity issue of the router.
The news was well received.
The newsagent’s best seller was The Daily Mail
The newspaper's editorial was shocking.
The newspaper’s leader column was spot on.
The next has no date whatever, which is in itself suspicious.
The next step was what puzzled me.
The next thing to be done was to unharness the horse.
The next thing to watch out for is bed sores.
The next verse is still more touching.
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook.
The night was calm and snowy.
The nightglow was treacherous to shoot by.
The noise behind grew louder.
The noise grew louder and bigger.
The noise of some one stumbling hastily into the room, roused him.
The noise they made, in so doing, awoke him.
The northern states mostly opposed slavery.
The note was immediately dispatched, and its contents as quickly complied with.
The noticeboard had swung round overnight, and now hung askew.
The odds were horrible, but I had to take them.
The officer will be here at four o’clock'.
The officers will find women better worth their notice.
The offside wing of the car was seriously dented
The oil and gunpowder were shoved out of sight in a minute.
The old clergyman was present.
The old gentleman fired by way of reply.
The old man laid down his hand to light a cigar.
The old man seemed instantly deprived of speech.
The old man was ghastly pale.
The old man was looking at me with blazing eyes.
The old man’s manner was perfect.
The old, white-headed father, too — such deference — such respect — such devoted friendship!
The only thing that kept me going was that I was pretty furious.
The only thing that mattered was what Peter called “atmosphere”.
The only way to fly is first class
The only way to make sure is to get a good job
The only way too fly is first class
The opera had surtitles, so we could understand what was going on
The opposite party followed up the attack.
The organisation managed to squirrel away record amounts of cash last year.
The organization was murdered from within.
The other did not look seventeen.
The other felt a sudden wave of irritation rush through him.
The other head was always awake — and watching.
The other side of what?’ thought Alice to herself.
The outsides did as outsides always do.
The package contained illicit drugs
The pain from my hurt knee was agonizing.
The panel does seem to be in listening mode.
The paper was supplied in pdf format.
The papers were graded.
The paperwork was legible.
The park was built in the sixteenth century.
The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground.
The parlour door was partially open.
The part which I acted is now to be explained.
The party denied foul play and aggressively defended their position.
The party did not supply much conversation.
The passengers were all dressed so oddly too!
The past participle of freeze is frozen.
The pasta was piping hot and burnt my tongue.
The patent application was submitted.
The path just admitted three.
The pause was to Elizabeth's feelings dreadful.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The pen's ink leaked into the bag.
The people are coming down the crescent now.
The petrol station is about three kilometres ahead
The phoenix burst into flames spontaneously.
The physicist was experimenting with radioactivity.
The picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a fourth.
The pig was fond of bathing in rich, moist mud.
The pilate found it difficult to land the aeroplane
The pilot used a head-up display.
The piranhas engaged in a feeding frenzy.
The place had been most cunningly chosen.
The place was as orthodox as an Anglican church.
The plane was delayed for three hours at Heathrow
The planters are already considering the matter.
The plot was evidently in execution, as Mr. Trotter had foretold.
The pneumatic drill rattled uncontrollably.
The poem was life-affirming.
The police are up there now.
The police questioned the pair overnight
The policeman drew his truncheon, and hit the protester on the shoulder
The policy is too negative; we need to rewrite it
The poliovirus has been eliminated in the wild.
The pop-up boxes and advertisements obscured the text
The population is largely against the measure.
The possibility of meeting Mr. Darcy, while viewing the place, instantly occurred.
The praise of mankind was his swing; philanthropy was his insurance office.
The preparations for the reception of visitors appeared to be completed.
The press will go crazy over this story.
The presumption of innocence is a crucial legal concept.
The prisoners were housed in cell block M.
The problem was that the system had not worked for the past week
The project is complete.
The project was short-lived.
The promoter's eyes were heavy, with little puffy bags under them.
The proof of it was lying under the table-cloth.
The prospect was worse than before.
The psychiatrist will see you now.
The public-house had a fascination for him which he could not resist.
The pupil and iris are parts of the eye.
The purple heart was blazing with fire.
The pushmi-pullyu shall never be shut up in a cage.
The python programming language has become very popular nowadays
The quacking of the mallard sounded like the laugh of an evil superhero.
The quaver and semiquaver are musical notes of short duration
The questionnaire is too simplistic.
The questions may have come vaguely in his mind.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
The railway station is just off the roundabout
The railway tracks were held together with sleepers
The railway was a revolutionary new form of transport.
The recollection seemed to upset him, and he gulped down some more whisky.
The rector of a parish has much to do.
The red sails were being left far, far behind.
The referendum did not end as expected.
The reflection on the ice was distorted.
The region is known for its fertile land.
The regret in his voice was provocative of a second burst of laughter.
The remainder of the letter is for yourself alone.
The remembrance of little Scudder decided me.
The reorganization of these countries took the form of revolution.
The reply was a wry smile.
The researchers cited previous research to support their conclusions.
The rest of the evening brought her little amusement.
The rest of them do earn their bread — you live on my charity!
The results may be guessed.
The return of sunshine was welcomed by answering sunshine from him.
The reviewer opined that the play was an utter failure.
The rhythms of this piece are quite hypnotic
The richest young man in Bath at this moment.
The ringing of the big bell aroused him.
The river bared its bosom, and snorting steamboats challenged the wilderness.
The river should be shallow enough to wade across.
The road is closed. You have to follow the diversion signs
The road thither wound close by Wuthering Heights.
The rocket launched from Cape Canaveral at two thirty one in the morning.
The roof has been patched up many times over the years.
The room in which the ladies sat was backwards.
The room they turned into was even more odd-looking than the porch.
The room was quite small; no window; the ceiling, low.
The rotor spun at incredible speeds.
The round game comprised the rest of the company.
The rowing boat can't accommodate any more.
The rude coffin was borne slowly forward on men’s shoulders.
The scents of strange vegetation blew off the tropic land.
The school caretaker was a very tall man
The school should do more to prevent personal property being stolen.
The school's headteacher may be a headmaster or a headmistress
The schoolroom was in uproar, and the student found it impossible to study
The scientific gentleman was a bachelor.
The scientists were investigating extreme temperature events.
The score is deuce.
The seagull dove into the river and caught a fish.
The selection of the man shows their acumen.
The separation between her and her family was rather noisy than pathetic.
The servant with the bandage was being soundly rated.
The servants affirmed they had not seen her.
The shark is waiting.
The sharks are coming!
The sharp voice of Wolf Larsen aroused me.
The shepherd protected his flock of sheep.
The ship should be in within a week or ten days.
The ship stopped and rolled over on its side.
The shipwreck was buoyed off the coast.
The shoelace became loose.
The shop is close by.
The shopping trolley provided by Tesco had very wonky casters
The show was broadcast live.
The sides aren’t strong enough.
The sight of Miss Lucas was odious to her.
The sign said E Z Loans and Finance.
The silence was at length broken by Mr. Tupman.
The singing voice approached rapidly.
The single servant returned first.
The sink has a hot tap and a cold tap
The situation is evidently pretty grim.
The sixth day he spent in the cabin with Gregson.
The skipper's and Nakata's gymnastics served as a translation without words.
The sky was an icy blue, and there was a sharp East wind
The small corner shop sold fifteen different types of cheese
The smell goes on no further.
The smell of chicken curry made his mouth water in anticipation.
The smell of the flowers is killing us all.
The snake stretched itself, then suddenly struck.
The snow began to drive thickly.
The softmax activation is very expensive to compute.
The software library will be released under the Lesser General Public License.
The sound of approaching footsteps roused him.
The sound went away just as suddenly as it came.
The spell was broken.
The spinster aunt appeared; she smiled, and beckoned them to walk quicker.
The spinster aunt could hardly believe her eyes.
The spinster aunt was knitting.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The squirrel ran up the pine tree in a spiral.
The station, when I reached it, proved to be ideal for my purpose.
The steward has just tendered me a respectful bit of advice.
The storeroom was a damp chamber in what had been the old farmhouse.
The stout figure commenced the dialogue.
The stout wood was crushed like an eggshell.
The stranger filled, and emptied.
The stranger stopped.
The stranger was returning, and Mr. Tupman was beside him.
The stranger was still reading; he looked up and started.
The stranger was young, and the widow was flattered.
The stranger, meanwhile, had been eating, drinking, and talking, without cessation.
The strangest thing I ever heard!
The streets were thronged with working people.
The student quit school, ostensibly due to financial problems.
The sudden glare made them blink, and I stood scanning the three faces.
The sun and wind had changed her, too.
The sun gives us our daily dose of Vitamin D.
The sun has got his hat on.
The sun is tremendously hot, even to me.
The sun was shining
The sundial is an ancient method of telling time.
The sunsets grow more bizarre and spectacular off this coast of the Argentine.
The superintendent will hear about this.
The supper passed off without any attempt at a general conversation.
The supposition did not pain her.
The surgeon scrubbed up before commencing the operation.
The surprise bewilders me — it will put her out of her head!
The suspect hasn't been identified.
The suspect was arrested at midnight
The suspected prior attachment rankled in his heart.
The system seems to be in chaos.
The table was displayed in a structured hierarchy.
The table, however, did not appear.
The tall gate was made from wrought iron.
The task we set ourselves was threefold.
The teacher ticked Rosie off for punching.
The teacher was very keen on Show and Tell.
The temperature dropped to fifty below zero and remained there the whole trip.
The temptation to take the stranger with him was equally great.
The tenant always paid his rent on time.
The term rubber in British English is what Americans would call a pencil eraser
The tete-a-tete surprised them.
The thought set his blood tingling.
The three faces seemed to change before my eyes and reveal their secrets.
The ticket tout was illegally selling Centre Court tickets for Wimbledon
The ticket tout was illegally selling Wimbledon tickets
The time was considered auspicious.
The time was evening; the scene the garden.
The tiny buttons on my mobile phone are very fiddly
The tiny lamb bleated softly.
The tipping points are interrelated, and could amplify one another.
The tires became bald from heavy usage.
The toddler seemed very happy in his pushchair
The toolbox included a screwdriver, a spanner, a hammer, a saw and a drill
The town centre can get very crowded on Saturday afternoons
The town had a linear park along the riverbank.
The townspeople were dubious about the plans for fracking
The tracking reference did not work.
The train was delayed yet again by a points failure
The tree fell with a crash into the gulf.
The trouble about him was his partiality for playing a lone hand.
The trouble about him was that he was too romantic.
The trouble is that I’m not sober.
The truth of it set Jeanne quivering.
The tufts on a long-eared owl aren’t really ears
The tumult of her mind, was now painfully great.
The tune was infectious, for he followed my suit.
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates.
The twins had a joint birthday party when they turned eighteen
The two will come back, never fear.
The two, to a cool spectator, made a strange and fearful picture.
The typical holidaymaker in the nineteen-fifties would often go to a seaside resort
The unwelcome visitors advanced into the middle of the room.
The usual inquiries as to his success were made by the latter.
The vehicle was not exactly a gig.
The vendor will provide further details.
The very idea of it was preposterous.
The very opposite is true; they are discouraged vagabonds.
The very thing, Ernest agreed.
The very thought of the effort to swim over was nauseating.
The vet’s looking after him now.
The victim was asked to identify the thief at a police identity parade
The victim was brutally murdered at the scene.
The video is non-ephemeral.
The villagers worshipped a brazen idol
The visit was soon returned in due form.
The visitor talked, the men listened.
The visual effects are some of the best in the industry.
The voice rang now as false as hell.
The voyage was our idea of a good time.
The waiter returned, and ushered three gentlemen into the room.
The walls were black with mould.
The water in the bath was being replenished by the dripping tap.
The waters had been his death.
The waters of the inlet were first charted during the eighteenth century.
The weather forecast is changeable.
The weather made me liverish, the talk of the ordinary Englishman made me sick.
The website needs an interactive map
The wedding day was the best day of his life.
The weeks had gone by, and no overt acts had been attempted.
The whole business had mesmerised me.
The whole family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion.
The whole night!
The whole party before them, indeed, excited a lively attention.
The whole place smelt of mould and disuse.
The whole question was how much they understood about Scudder’s knowledge.
The widow rocked herself to and fro, and wrung her hands.
The wife had stopped communicating with her husband
The windscreen of the car became iced up overnight.
The wine was passed, and a fresh supply ordered.
The wolf-dog thrust his gaunt muzzle toward him.
The woman in the navy blue beret was running away.
The woman in you is only incidental, accidental, and irrelevant.
The woman wore scarlet lipstick and rather striking violet nail varnish
The woman's story was that the whole thing took place at night
The women they carried away with them to the Big Valley.
The word ad is short for advertisement
The word is a hybrid of both Latin and Greek.
The words delicious and disgusting are antonyms.
The work is pseudonymous: nobody knows who wrote it.
The world is surely not worth living in now, is it?
The world premiere is tonight!
The wrench cracked and shattered.
The writ which commences the action.
The writing was illegible.
The young lady is considered the very picture of innocence and discretion.
The young man is right.
The young one was the murderer.
The younger ones out before the elder ones are married!
The youth have time but no money and adults have money but no time.
Their dedication is admirable.
Their first subject was the diminution of the party.
Their forces were already moving into the north country.
Their house was very comfortable and homely
Their lifelong hobby is breeding rare pigs.
Their looks are not prepossessing, and their manners are peculiar.
Their love burned with increasing brightness.
Their manners are not equal to his.
Their object was to get these dispositions without our knowing it.
Their pet iguana obviously takes a lot of looking after.
Their powers of conversation were considerable.
Their prized collection of ornaments was stolen.
Their property is about half a kilometre down this track, on the left.
Their quarterback was injured in the first game of the season.
Their reception at home was most kind.
Their supply of grub was gone.
Their table was superlatively stupid.
Their teacher told my boys to aim higher.
Their views were completely inimicable to ours.
Their wedding anniversary is the twenty-seventh of October, I think
Then Dorothy lost heart.
Then Gub-Gub began to cry again.
Then I approached the tiny booking-office and took a ticket for Dumfries.
Then I can go, too, when I am a woman.
Then I could see that he began to get edgy again.
Then I described my meeting with Sir Harry, and the speeches at the hall.
Then I got into a suit of clothes I had kept waiting for emergencies.
Then I got to the murder, and he grew solemn again.
Then I groped among the sacks and boxes.
Then I had a sudden thought, and hunted up all the steamer sailings.
Then I proceeded to go off into an old-fashioned swoon.
Then I realised that my vantage-ground might be in reality a trap.
Then I sat down in real earnest to Scudder’s note-book.
Then I saw a man standing in the street outside this block.
Then I saw an aeroplane coming up from the east.
Then I saw that I had walked straight into the enemy’s headquarters.
Then I set to work on my face.
Then I set to work to dress for the part.
Then I smelt it and put my tongue to it.
Then I staggered to a cupboard, found the brandy and swallowed several mouthfuls.
Then I thought I would put in an hour or two watching Trafalgar Lodge.
Then I took a more cheerful view.
Then I waited for a moment or two.
Then I went back to wider considerations.
Then Oz asked, "What do you wish me to do?"
Then Sir Harry started.
Then a new idea flashed across me.
Then all the things must have fallen out!
Then began an unholy row.
Then came a bit of thick wood where I slackened speed.
Then came my boy code.
Then came the dessert and some more toasts.
Then came the horses.
Then came the tea and coffee.
Then do everything the Doctor tells you.
Then for three days they tried to persuade him.
Then he bolted back.
Then he came to the Doctor, shaking his head.
Then he gave the Doctor a pinch of snuff.
Then he gave them it.
Then he gave up being a people’s doctor altogether.
Then he hastened on, as Pierre had guided him.
Then he said: "Do you suppose Oz could give me a heart?"
Then he shouted, Shut up.
Then he stepped back with a low cry of pleasure.
Then he thrust me away, and leant his head down silently.
Then he turned me loose.
Then it is as I said, Womble announced with finality.
Then it really has happened, after all!
Then it was that a strange thing happened.
Then pray speak aloud.
Then said the voice: "Where did you get the silver shoes?"
Then she coughed — just the way Doctor Dolittle used to cough.
Then she sat down upon a settee and watched the people dance.
Then something awoke me.
Then suddenly I had an inspiration.
Then suddenly I thought of another probability.
Then that accounts for it.
Then the Doctor sailed the ship right round the rock.
Then the Lion said: "Something must be done to save us".
Then the dark fell, and silence.
Then the leopards got proud too and said they wouldn’t help.
Then the parrot coughed again — loud, like a man.
Then the plump one spoke up.
Then there are plenty of Marine Parades, if that’s what you mean.
Then there was a hubbub!
Then there was the campaign.
Then they all started to hunt for the key.
Then they came outside, and stood just below the dovecot arguing fiercely.
Then they shook their fists and yelled with rage.
Then they thought better of it, and went back to the house.
Then we’d be part of the problem.
Then what good is it discussing the matter?
Then with some difficulty I turned the car.
Then you can arrange yourself comfortably among these robes in the bow.
Then you don't believe in altruism.
Then you make your hair creep up it, like a fruit-tree.
Then you must go to the City of Emeralds.
Then you’ll know why.
Then — oh yes, I dined with the Fishmongers.
Then, I can promise you, you will be entertained and possibly edified.
Then, again, Tudor had such an irritating way about him.
Then, and at supper, he tried to fathom her.
Then, who taught you?
There I breakfasted off a whisky-and-soda and some biscuits from the cupboard.
There I was my own master.
There are architectural gems to be found in the local cemetery.
There are breakfast cereals in the cupboard.
There are eight bits in a byte.
There are four, all low, McCoy answered.
There are lots of different ways to be polite in Japanese.
There are many different versions of Santa Claus, including Father Christmas from England
There are many regions that lack potable water.
There are many types of Reptile.
There are no kiddies and half grown youths among them.
There are no secrets between us, I think.
There are no tricks here.
There are only a few red ashes now.
There are only six of them.
There are several grades of lawyers’ clerks.
There are several species of horse chestnut tree, all of which bear conkers
There are several ways to subscribe.
There are some scented rushes!’ Alice cried in a sudden transport of delight.
There are the canals of China, and the Yang-tse River.
There are thirteen items in a baker’s dozen
There are times when ignorance is bliss indeed.
There are worse things in the world than being a Scarecrow.
There can be a knock-on effect, whereby shocks cascade through the system.
There can be no love in all this.
There can be no occasion for your going so soon.
There followed a roar that shook the earth.
There has been a change, she interrupted him.
There have been several other interdisciplinary studies.
There have been several steamships that name.
There he goes.
There is a heightened risk of political tension and conflict.
There is a lot of Literature on this subject.
There is a precedence.
There is a tea towel over there to dry the dishes
There is a terrible draught in this room
There is a terrible sickness among the monkeys out there.
There is an imposing monument just outside.
There is an increasing number of people being internally displaced due to climate change.
There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
There is another virtue in these bulkheads.
There is himself, Earnshaw, Zillah, Joseph and I.
There is more behind this than a mere university ideal.
There is no State in Europe that wants him gone.
There is no danger of Wickham's marrying Mary King.
There is no excuse for tardiness.
There is no live action; it's an all-digital character.
There is no need of further detail, now -- for you can understand.
There is no place like home.
There is no stone at her grave’s head.
There is no such thing as instant satisfaction.
There is no time like the present.
There is not a bit of fish to be got today.
There is not an iota of truth in it, certainly not.
There is not much material to be got out of that.
There is not the least cause for fear, I assure you.
There is nothing I cannot do.
There is nothing else to be done.
There is nothing like dancing after all.
There is one point on which I want your advice.
There is still a chance.
There is such an expression of goodness in his countenance!
There is that magnificent Bob, eating his head off in the stable.
There is the very letter I speak of.
There is; though we be in an out-of-the-way place.
There must be some way of reading this riddle.
There my reasoning stopped.
There never was a more independent being.
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!
There seemed no chance of getting out.
There seemed to be two of them, men in coats and tweed caps.
There seems to be a lack of organisation, she said
There seems to be a problem with the fuel injection.
There seems to be a sentence or paragraph missing on page three.
There seems to be so much litter everywhere these days
There was a bare possibility of overtaking them if pursued instantly.
There was a beautiful fire.
There was a box of detonators, and a lot of cord for fuses.
There was a brief pause.
There was a bright moon, but it was behind the clouds.
There was a change now.
There was a click as if a lever had been pulled.
There was a dead silence.
There was a hole in the carpet.
There was a little parapet behind which I found space to lie down.
There was a little stock of electric torches on one shelf.
There was a long knife through his heart which skewered him to the floor.
There was a multitude of queer things there.
There was a pair of trousers there.
There was a restless, anxious expression in his countenance.
There was a scream as of an individual — not a rook — in corporal anguish.
There was a short note about me as the owner of the flat.
There was a smile upon the youth’s face as he advanced.
There was a solemn pause — a shout — a flapping of wings — a faint click.
There was a sound behind them, as of an imperfectly suppressed chuckle.
There was a strong, winey smell.
There was a tear on her eyes.
There was also a legacy of one thousand pounds.
There was another reason too for her opposition.
There was another sigh, close at my ear.
There was certainly too much of it in the air.
There was dew in the area.
There was exactly one a-piece all round.
There was moonshine, too, in my head.
There was neither door nor seat to the coach.
There was neither in figure nor face any likeness between the ladies.
There was no answer from the other side.
There was no arguing upon such a project.
There was no chance to fire without hitting him.
There was no city where Bath stands, then.
There was no cover for a tomtit in those bald green places.
There was no doubt that hell was afoot somewhere.
There was no forecasting this strange girl's processes.
There was no help for it, however.
There was no law on the Yukon save what they made for themselves.
There was no surprise.
There was no trace of the book.
There was no vestige of either carpet, curtain, or blind.
There was no want of discourse.
There was none of the joy of meeting in his face.
There was not a moment to be lost.
There was not a second to spare.
There was nothing but short heather, and bare hill bent, and the white highway.
There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again.
There was nothing for us but the wide raw ocean.
There was nothing in it — not one single penny!
There was nothing more, except a large ink blot under the words.
There was nothing on the rock.
There was one chance, and only one, of saving Jeanne.
There was one difficulty, however.
There was only one other way of doing it.
There was pride and strength, the ring of triumph in his voice.
There was proper division of labor in the work they individually performed.
There was something about the old gentleman which puzzled and rather terrified me.
There was something pathetic in the girl's attitude now.
There was such a horrible stink in the classroom that they evacuated the students.
There was the Emma Louisa.
There was the usual stream of merchandise, books and spin-offs.
There was too much dust to see anything.
There wasn’t room for one where she came from.
There we saw a prim gentleman, with a clean-shaven, lawyer’s face.
There were eight people in a row.
There were electors on horseback and electors afoot.
There were many routes, the sat-nav picked the fastest one.
There were no children, no servants, no fowls.
There were no sets of staircases on any harbour that I had ever seen.
There were none.
There were orange-green, gold-green, and a copper-green.
There were stir and bustle, new faces, and fresh facts.
There were three reasons for his doing so.
There were two columns about the Portland Place Murder, as it was called.
There were voices within the house.
There weren't any missions, and he was the man to know.
There you are, at your idle tricks again!
There you experience the consequence of scorning “book-learning,” as you would say.
There — see how this iron bar bends beneath my furious wrench.
There's Fort Churchill, a rifle-shot beyond the ridge, asleep.
There's a big English general right now whose name is Roberts.
There's been a shady white van parked outside for over an hour.
There's far too much fudge and cosy familiarity in government.
There's for you!
There's no knowing what's going to happen in the future.
There's not an iota of truth in it.
There's nothing preventing you from learning to play the guitar.
There's the hitch, replied Thorpe, rolling a cigarette.
There's too much of the schoolboy in me.
There, John, fasten the chain.
There, Miss Cathy!
There, silhouetted against the dusky West was my friend, the monoplane.
There, that is pure awkwardness!
There, to bed!
There, you won’t answer.
There: that’s enough.
There; it sounds well, I think, sir.
Therefore Catherine was thrown on her own resources for amusement.
Therefore I advise you to drink it as soon as possible.
Therefore I have no heart, and cannot love.
Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
Therefore he has been marked down these twelve months past.
Therefore we still have witches and wizards amongst us.
Therefore, hurrah for the game.
There’s Prince Bumpo coming into the garden!
There’s a bathroom next door, and I’ve prepared a hot bath.
There’s a mess!
There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
There’s a trunk-call from London, Sir Walter.
There’s law in the land, thank God!
There’s more use in you than I thought.
There’s my card.
There’s the White Queen running across the country!
There’s the young lady’s footsteps.
There’s trouble about and I’m in it.
These are a chest of drawers.
These are conventional methods.
These are insect Larvae.
These are memories of another era.
These are not its only artifices.
These causes must be stated, though briefly.
These exertions were but ill repaid.
These jeans are too long, and need to be shortened.
These men might be acting; but if they were, where was their audience?
These people were all made of china.
These quick little joys of hers were sources of joy to him.
These rumors may even originate with us.
These stipulations having been concluded, Sam locked the door and departed.
These were merely stout sticks an inch or so in diameter.
They all paint tables, cover screens, and net purses.
They all stood still and listened, straining their ears for any sound.
They all went into the house, and left me feeling a precious idiot.
They approached nearer.
They are all catching it — and they are dying in hundreds.
They are all for what they can get.
They are all so brittle!
They are big trees and require plenty of room.
They are coming ashore, whoever they are.
They are downstairs looking for things to steal.
They are equally unfit for office
They are funny, but not uncommon.
They are going to defer taking a decision until the next meeting.
They are gone off together from Brighton.
They are greatly delighted with anything that is bright or giveth a sound.
They are his tongue, by which he makes his knowledge articulate.
They are hoping to holiday in the Caribbean.
They are in the same profession, you know, only in different lines.
They are lacking the very necessities of life.
They are my old friends.
They are no ordinary houses, those.
They are not biologists nor sociologists.
They are not regular oyster pirates, Nicholas continued.
They are sitting up beyond their usual hour, I suppose.
They are the result of immense thought, and no alteration would be as good.
They are to attack your camp tomorrow night.
They are two separate systems that don't interact.
They are very artful people indeed, sister.
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
They asked about you and said they had hoped to meet you here.
They ate dinner at the fifth, and rested for two hours.
They begged him to spend a few days with them.
They both laughed heartily.
They both thought it worthwhile to take first aid courses.
They both used to plays squash when they were younger.
They came, and raised her, and placed her on the bed.
They charged one pound seventy-five for postage and packing
They closed now until his fingers were like cords of steel.
They clung together for dear life
They conquered their fear.
They continued valiantly to lie, but the truth continued to outrun them.
They could not continue their method of producing surpluses.
They could not keep it from me long.
They could probably tell us the way to the Emerald City.
They couldn't finish the task as they weren't able to find the key
They deliberately created a hostile environment
They didn't react at all; they simply ignored us.
They didn’t know I was sitting thirty yards off in a rhododendron.
They die out of spite.
They disliked each other from the moment they met.
They do not know the length of time of incubation.
They doubled the height.
They drew near the house.
They drew their household water supply from a borehole.
They edged nearer, and stood shoulder to shoulder facing their world.
They eventually succeeded after five failed attempts
They evidently suspected him.
They fascinated me like the bright eyes of a snake.
They finished fourth out of four teams.
They followed her into the dining-parlour.
They found Mr. Bennet still up.
They found themselves in a dire situation.
They gazed upon each other in silence.
They got into their car and were out of sight in three minutes.
They had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister.
They had already entered the court.
They had an illicit liaison in the gazebo.
They had been on the same lay as ourselves.
They had come from the weekly market, and their mouths were full of prices.
They had frequently been staying with her in town.
They had long legs and fierce eyes and sharp teeth.
They had long wished to see him.
They had no fixed values, to be altered by adjectives and adverbs.
They had scarcely taken their seats when there was another double knock.
They had several children.
They had to look all over the place for the hat.
They had to wait a long time before the soldier returned.
They hallooed at the sight of me, and I waved my hand.
They handled two men already, both grub-thieves.
They have actually been devouring their food here.
They have been explained.
They have gone.
They have left their own ship with nobody on it.
They have their own snug secret way, and they won’t be hurried.
They have won popular sentiment through the newspapers.
They jumped into the gig.
They just lay off in the bush and plugged away.
They know that would mean a row and put us on our guard.
They laughed like two happy children.
They lay next to each other in the hay, fast asleep.
They lay on hot water, and call it tea.
They led on, slashing their way through the dense forest.
They left two hours ago!
They likewise are disinclined to being eaten.
They lit a candle in memory of their dear friend.
They little thought they had married her to a madman.
They lived in a terrace house, on the wrong side of the tracks
They look as though he had been drumming a piano all his life.
They looked up.
They met again on Sunday, and then I saw him too.
They met several times, for there was much to be discussed.
They must all go to Brighton.
They must be gone to bed now.
They must have been swept away by the chaotic currents.
They must put their names down.
They now walked on in silence, each of them deep in thought.
They obeyed him, and went here and there at his commands.
They only had a little thirty thousand dollar fire.
They only lifted seven hundred and fifty.
They ought to pass here some time today.
They owed the restoration of Lydia, her character, everything, to him.
They pretend to be medics, but in reality they are simply ambulance chasers.
They ran the canoe in and climbed the high earth bank.
They reached the spot where the bereaved husband stood: and stopped.
They robbed me a few years later.
They saw each other for the first time in Boston.
They saw much to interest, but nothing to justify inquiry.
They say Mr. Earnshaw is worse and worse since he came.
They seem to put everything upon Bill!
They seemed to have disappeared altogether.
They shall be made an example of.
They should be ashamed of themselves!
They sneaked into the cinema.
They spent weeks digging the pond.
They sunk our fishing-boat and brought us both on to this ship.
They talk with their ears, with their feet, with their tails — with everything.
They thanked him much for that.
They think they’re so wonderful.
They told me he was there.
They too have their story.
They took a bike ride on the forest trails.
They took refuge on the central reservation of the dual carriageway
They travelled on to New York via London Heathrow
They turned into the breakfast parlour.
They turned into the passage, and my uncle followed.
They used relu as an activation function for this problem.
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
They waited some time, but nobody came.
They waited until Dorothy awoke the next morning.
They walked and talked for most of the afternoon.
They walked carefully through the china country.
They went on many adventures together.
They were all very unhappy.
They were artists, not biologists.
They were at her bedside for weeks.
They were babbling and chattering all together.
They were both under the age of consent.
They were both very attentive to her comfort, certainly.
They were counting on sneaking in to the venue unobserved
They were curious-looking fellows.
They were deep in the primeval forest.
They were excessively sorry to go!
They were following the shore of a lake.
They were going to spend the day relaxing.
They were greatly pleased to see this delightful country before them.
They were his features.
They were hopeless of remedy.
They were ignorant, idle, and vain.
They were ladies of the night.
They were less stooped than we, less springy in their movements.
They were loitering somewhere, talking about him.
They were looking for something, and moved towards the mill.
They were made in London.
They were natural and just.
They were not glow-worms; they were too high.
They were not meteors; they were too low.
They were not the only objects of Mr. Collins's admiration.
They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother.
They were planning to get married in June.
They were playing follow my leader when Erica fell into the lake.
They were quietly absorbed into the landscape.
They were so desperately sharp, that they quite frightened him.
They were the presage of storm.
They were three hundred yards apart.
They were to be off as soon as possible.
They were too much absorbed in their mutual joy to suffer embarrassment.
They were very shy and terribly hard to catch.
They were, therefore, to go.
They will never be distressed for money.
They will ruin your happiness.
They will search for us between their camp and Churchill.
They would doubtless be congenial with the generality of female minds.
They would not let him.
They wouldn't be sweeping a big vessel like the Martha.
They're not coming, are they?
They’d pick me up again in a minute, they would!
They’ll be good shots one of these days.
They’ll do well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill!
They’ll meet the fate of Milo!
They’re both gone to the town.
They’re in the dining-room having whiskies-and-sodas.
They’re just conceited — like that collie in Puddleby.
They’re just conceited.
They’re not going to let their guests be murdered.
They’ve all had a bath this morning.
They’ve not been sleeping, I know that.
Things did happen occasionally, even in this God-forgotten metropolis.
Think for yourself!
Think of a way — think hard.
Think of investing in such an adventure.
Thirst was my chief torment.
Thirty pounds, said the captain with finality.
Thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-seven.
This Golden Cap had a charm.
This I had never thought of.
This also became part of the daily schedule.
This area is under construction.
This behaviour was not lost upon him.
This bridge has very little structural integrity.
This broke up the party.
This cannot be!
This coast is the seashore of the Great Desert.
This conversation is being recorded for quality assurance purposes.
This decent common-place dwelling was not what I had expected.
This demonstrates the anxiety of our times.
This demonstration was not lost upon him.
This design will be too expensive.
This do ants sting, or do they bite?
This document is a draft, and is open for discussion
This document is in the public domain.
This fiscal year.
This gentleman is his very particular friend.
This goes straight back to the house!
This gun has a heck of a recoil.
This hint was enough to bind our hands.
This holiday we’ll be touring with our caravan, stopping each night at caravan parks
This invaluable friend was a very young woman, and very lately married.
This is a bad ship you have here.
This is a binding contract.
This is a categorical problem for sure.
This is a common experience with all of us.
This is a hallway, not a football stadium!
This is a long call.
This is a major setback.
This is a newly minted coin.
This is a quick start primer.
This is a safe place.
This is a stub page.
This is a tenet of the software pattern.
This is a toilet sewer drain pipe.
This is a volunteer organization, not a social club.
This is an Eat All You Like restaurant.
This is an ancient film.
This is an important historical site, and we need to preserve it.
This is certainly a beautiful country!
This is delightful indeed!
This is domestic produce.
This is eighteen eighty.
This is for company use only.
This is indeed a pleasure I did not expect.
This is indeed an acquisition.
This is interesting — very interesting — something quite new.
This is my advice.
This is my favorite song!
This is my fifth voyage.
This is my last will and testament.
This is no fiction.
This is no place for you.
This is non-conventional.
This is not at all the kind of thing for my voyage.
This is not inapplicable to my uncle and his fencing.
This is quite an easy interval.
This is really most attentive.
This is supposed to be the age of enlightenment.
This is the driest thing I know.
This is the estimation in which you hold me!
This is the last straw.
This is the strongest candidate for the role.
This is totally over my head.
This is very odd.
This is wholly unexpected.
This is your last ride, till papa comes back.
This is your personal hotel suite.
This may end badly.
This might be worth a look.
This molecular structure is unlike anything I've ever seen.
This one hope was destroyed as quickly as it was born.
This path will lead you to your destination.
This proposition, like the other, was received with unanimous applause.
This shall be made known.
This should whet your appetite.
This sound did not disturb the hush and awe of the place.
This state of mind comes of an undue prominence of the ego.
This tacit promise of continued acquaintance gave Saxon a little joy-thrill.
This tactical flashlight is ridiculously overpriced.
This tall man, Tom, is a rascally adventurer.
This tech has the potential to change lives.
This the Iron Heel foresaw and laid its schemes accordingly.
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again.
This time he did not yap for mercy.
This time it was a White Knight.
This time there were two little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass.
This time you shall not escape.
This was Heathcliff’s first introduction to the family.
This was a puzzler.
This was always a very bad sign with Polynesia.
This was an unanswerable reply, and silence prevailed again.
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.
This was on a Friday morning, early — just as it was getting light.
This was one way of getting rid of the car.
This was the legend.
This was the waterman.
This was to be an eventful day for the travellers.
This was when the explosion occurred.
This will bring down my weight and my handicap, Bob.
This wire clinches it.
This year's flu vaccine doesn't seem very effective
This young boy is a total genius.
This, however, is not making progress with my story.
Thor was one of the Norse gods.
Thorpe and his men were to destroy this camp, and kill you.
Those are my oysters, he said at last.
Those aspects were roundly condemned by the critics.
Those creatures frightened me so badly that my heart is beating yet.
Those deep black eyes!
Those fellows behind were hefty men on their native heath.
Those gentry left nothing to chance.
Those perishers are all down on a poor man.
Those whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad.
Thou art thy mother’s child, entirely!
Though her manner varied, however, her determination never did.
Though it is something to see you have not white blood.
Though the aurora still flamed, another day had begun.
Thought I, and a worthy fool he proved.
Three minutes’ delay will render it involuntary and ignominious.
Three oilers and a fourth engineer, was his greeting.
Three unidentified naval vessels are heading for the peninsula.
Three were men and one a woman, and all were oddly dressed.
Throughout the millenia, humanity has always strived to innovate.
Thus ended Mrs. Dean’s story.
Thus had the raw wilderness prepared him for this day.
Thus he turned the tenets and jargon of psychology back on me.
Thus was momentum gained in the Younger World.
Tidak, tidak pedas.
Till then, good-bye!
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time brought resignation, and a melancholy sweeter than common joy.
Time flies.
Time had little altered his person either.
Time is a great healer.
Time performs wonders.
Time to get up! Rise and shine!
Timing is essential when telling a good joke.
Tip them the wink, and they’ll take extra precautions.
To Kitty, however, it does not seem so wholly unexpected.
To Pemberley, therefore, they were to go.
To advise on patent law, we need the services of an intellectual property specialist
To annoy Gill, you only need to spell her name Jill.
To avoid getting bitten, please use insect repellent
To be able to see Nobody! And at that distance, too!
To be healthy you should eat five portions of fruit and veg every day
To be honest, I don’t think she has much of a conscience.
To be or not to be
To be sure,’ rejoined the landlord.
To beard a magistrate in his stronghold, and on the Sabbath, too!
To change gears you need to use the gear-lever
To describe the confusion that ensued would be impossible.
To find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate!
To fix a poster to a noticeboard you should use a drawing pin
To fix this problem we'll have to involve the specialists.
To get from London to Bath you need to drive down the motorway
To have his errors made public might ruin him for ever.
To her the bridge was tambo, which is the native for taboo.
To his surprise, her answer was flat and uncompromising.
To inspire, we need to work diligently.
To know that her daughter would be married was enough.
To make royal icing for a wedding cake you’re going to need icing sugar
To my dearest and always appreciated friend, I submit myself.
To my surprise he began to show actual enthusiasm in my favor.
To post a letter, look for a red postbox or pillar box
To say the least, Captain Cook was a rather thorough going empiricist.
To shine an unflinching light.
To sneer at his imperfect attempt was very bad breeding.
To speak of his death so regardlessly wounded her feelings.
To take your bicycle on the train, put it in the guard’s van
To the devil with your clamour!
To these he gave castor oil.
To think of your striking a stuffed man, like the poor Scarecrow!
To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying.
To this manoeuvre he accordingly resorted.
To try to hinder me from entering.
To whom could it belong?
To whom should I address the letter?
To whom was he speaking?
To you I’ve made myself worse than the devil.
To-morrow morning you shall have a real treat.
Today, I am within sight of my heaven.
Today, however, they were not playing.
Together they ate the rabbit.
Tom Spink has a harpoon.
Tom laughed in his face; and summoned the landlady.
Tom looked down in hers, and smiled through his.
Tom resigned, as he wasn't feeling valued at work.
Tomato Risotto.
Tomorrow I'm going after that bear, he said.
Tomorrow it will be strong enough for you to stand upon.
Tomorrow or next day it might he gone.
Too many holidaymakers can be a nuisance
Too much depended on their success for them to take any risks.
Too much, he told me, with ominous rolling head.
Tortilla chips are tasty.
Toto did not like it.
Toto did not like this addition to the party, at first.
Toto shall not hurt you.
Tracey volunteered to manage the young woman.
Trainers is another word for sneakers
Transcribed from the original.
Treacle can sometimes be used in cooking as a sweetener
Treason is abroad.
Trinity term commenced.
Trois années d’expérience assez solides après cela
Trouble me no more about her.
True heroes don't profit from the suffering of others.
Trump supporters are screaming that the election was rigged.
Try again: draw a long breath, and shut your eyes.
Try another subtraction sum.
Try googling for more recommendations.
Try, try, and try again.
Tudor surveyed him with withering disgust.
Tuesday dawned bright and sunny, but by lunchtime it had started to rain
Tuna is expensive.
Tuna tastes great with bread.
Turn off the lights.
Turn that Dormouse out of court!
Turn the volume up to eleven.
Turn them over in your mind as long as you please.
Turn up the bass.
Tutankhamen was an Egyptian pharaoh.
Tweedledee began instantly.
Tweedledum looked round him with a satisfied smile.
Twenty ways with a kumquat.
Twice I lost my way, and I had some nasty falls into peat-bogs.
Twice already the Wicked Witch had used the charm of the Cap.
Twice has she condescended to give me her opinion unasked too!
Twitter users can be extraordinarily sexist
Two days ago Jeanne learned where her father's men were hiding.
Two gigantic owls were tearing at the carcass.
Two inside, and one out.
Two minutes hence may be too late.
Two of the Folk were already up.
Two plump thrushes had blundered into it.
Two weeks passed, and in that time Thorpe left camp three times.
Two years ago I gave up civilization for this.
Typhoid -- did I tell you.
Um... sure, she said, lying.
Un inébranlable sourire trônait sur son visage.
Uncle Henry never laughed.
Unconsciously, our yells and exclamations yielded to this rhythm.
Unconstrained parameterization can intransitively affect proper backfitting.
Une idée ? Je ne sais pas.
Unlike Joshua, he stood in no need of divine assistance.
Unluckily, it was a heap of dead rabbits.
Unluckily, my confidence proved misplaced.
Unnatural cub, come hither!
Unslinging his gun, he restrained himself from his Sunday occupations no longer.
Until I die, he exclaimed.
Unto us a boy is born.
Untreated sewage would pollute the rivers.
Up and down he went, back and forth — zig-zagging, twisting, doubling and turning.
Up and up and up they went — higher and higher and higher still.
Up with you.
Upon these were laid knives and forks for six or eight people.
Upon this signal, the youngest of her daughters put herself forward.
Upside down apple cake.
Upstairs Mr. Pickwick stepped accordingly, leaving Sam below.
Use a flannel to wash your face, not a towel
Use butter moderately.
Use this cream sparingly.
Uttering shriek upon shriek, she sank upon the ground.
Vain, ignorant, idle, and absolutely uncontrolled!
Valentine's Day is on February fourteenth, but I don't have a valentine.
Vanessa postponed taking her children to the doctor.
Vanilla cupcakes forever.
Vas-y, je te dis.
Vegetable produce is a vital export for many countries.
Vertebrate populations are critically dependent upon insect numbers.
Very considerate of you — very!
Very early in my life, I separated from my mother.
Very extraordinary thing.
Very few people knew of the existence of this law.
Very nonsensical to come at all!
Very well, if we can keep him, Ellen.
Very well, will that be all?
Vicky is a Christian.
Vicky is very knowledgeable on the politics of migration.
Victims have been made to feel marginalised.
Vinegar-faced Joseph projected his head from a round window of the barn.
Violation of this law was made a high misdemeanor and punished accordingly.
Violent life and athletic sports had never appealed to me.
Vitriol has no place in this forum.
Voilà, c’est prêt. Sara, voici la première question, vous êtes prête également ?
Voilà, lisez bien.
Volumes could not have said more.
Volunteer Medical workers save many lives by giving vulnerable people health-care access
Volunteers are the backbone of non-governmental humanitarian aid organizations.
Votre intégrité vaut plus que cinquante mille euros, j’en déduis ?
Votre soupe de poisson ! C’était aussi la spécialité de ma mère
Vous avez fait des arts martiaux, disons avec un katana par exemple.
Vous avez pratiqué aussi les armes blanches, peut-être ? kendo ? aïkido ?
Vous avez été formée ici même, au bon air marin.
Vous le laissez mourir alors ? Tant pis ?
Vous ne connaissez pas d’Espagnol ?
Vous n’aurez pas le droit de parler de ce nouveau test, à personne.
Vous n’êtes pas banale. Nous cherchons quelqu’un de pas banal.
Vous n’êtes vraiment pas banale.
Vous pratiquez encore n’est-ce pas ?
Vous refuseriez de vous prostituer pour le sauver.
Vous rembourserez donc, tous les mois, peut-être cinq cents euros avec les intérêts
Vous souhaitez interrompre le test, Sara, tant pis ?
Voyez-vous ce qui a particulièrement retenu mon attention, ce sont les résultats
Voyez-vous, votre profil a vraiment retenu mon attention.
Wada and Nakata were in a bit of a funk.
Wada, Louis, and the steward are servants of Asiatic breed.
Wait a minute! called the Scarecrow.
Wait a second.
Wait outside a few minutes, Sam, will you?
Wait till tomorrow, sir; double the chance then.
Waiter, could I have the bill please?
Waiters never walk or run.
Waitrose has run out of aubergines
Wakey, wakey! Rise and shine!
Walker, tailor, wife, and two children.
Wardle — a friend of mine,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
Warm Croissant tastes better.
Warm! — red hot — scorching — glowing.
Warning! Obstruction ahead.
Was he vexed at my bad humour this afternoon?
Was it right or wrong?
Was it the Red King, Kitty? Which do you think it was?
Was it the rendezvous of those who were striving to work his ruin.
Was not this some excuse for incivility, if I was uncivil?
Was she in a shop?
Was that a passenger train or a goods train?
Was that you?
Was the account you gave me just now strictly true?
Wash your hands of me.
Wassail, wassail all over the town.
Water tastes different regionally.
Wave-particle duality.
We aim to please
We alight here, Sam.
We all knew that would be an environmental catastrophe.
We all thought it was hilarious.
We always try to take our customers’ likes and dislikes into account.
We are both children together.
We are capital company here tonight.
We are caught up in our lives while growing older.
We are consumed in our own flesh-pots.
We are cooking on the coal stove and on the oil burners.
We are getting poorer every day.
We are hoping to meet up with Margaret and Steve in a fortnight's time.
We are looking for a house with some character.
We are looking for donations to cover the architect’s fees.
We are now headquartered in the Republic of Ireland.
We are observed! — we are discovered!
We are plagued by daily errors.
We are pursued.
We are the proud parents of three children.
We are vanquished!
We are, Sir, Your obedient servants.
We began saving up for our first home.
We belong to this country alone, and cannot leave it.
We broke up for the holidays last week
We calculate it will scarcely last till it is eighteen.
We came to the chapel.
We can all plague and punish one another.
We can do without lobsters, you know.
We can fight the dirty rascals.
We can polish your car for ten pounds.
We can't afford these systemic errors.
We can't pretend it never happened.
We can't undo our mistakes.
We can’t fit much more shopping in that trolley
We could be liable.
We could throw stones with our feet.
We discerned Linton watching at the same spot he had selected before.
We do not suffer by accident.
We don't see ourselves as foolish.
We expect libraries to be properly resourced and staffed by dedicated professionals.
We fished sharks on Niihau together.
We flatter ourselves if we think we understand relativity.
We found five new vulnerabilities in the span of eight days.
We found that the postman was rather wary of our labrador
We go to the theatre and the opera for our fix of culture
We got few vegetables and fruits, and became fish eaters.
We had a fantastic weekend in Berlin.
We had been chased by them ourselves, more than once.
We had better not mention it.
We had hard service, Tom, and they hadn’t all my constitution.
We had to find some way of narrowing the possibilities.
We hadn't, ourselves, considered that.
We have a very committed licensee in Singapore.
We have all denominations of currency.
We have also optimised our supply chain.
We have dined nine times at Rosings, besides drinking tea there twice!
We have far too many meetings
We have no such feeling.
We have plenty of capital ourselves, and yet we want more.
We have suffered grievously in recent years from chronic underfunding.
We have suffered under the misfortune of austerity.
We have to arrive at a solution via an interactive process.
We have weak armor and we're severely outnumbered.
We hear all the salt-water news.
We hurried back to the town and sent a wire to MacGillivray.
We in France know something of the breed.
We knew Linton’s tones, and entered.
We laughed outright at the petted things; we did despise them!
We leave the eventuality to time and law.
We made inquiries about you, Mr Hannay, and found you were respectable.
We mainly use Python and Tensorflow on our startup.
We may need your help after all.
We might live very comfortably together now, eh?
We must achieve our own salvation.
We must be very cautious.’ ‘We!’ he said, with marked emphasis.
We must give ourselves and not our money alone.
We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured.
We mustn't forget to pack a flannel.
We need her more than ever
We need more funding if we're going to finish the project.
We need people to put more effort into spreading happiness.
We need to analyse the situation before taking action.
We need to change the terms of the contract, or to cancel it
We need to check the stock, and make sure that we have enough inventory
We need to discuss your experimentation.
We need to examine our assumptions.
We need to get the bottom of this
We need to look further forward than the near-term goals
We need to replace defective tiles, and possibly timbers.
We need to seek Amy.
We need to seek a balanced investment by spreading the risk.
We need to seek a broad-based consensus.
We need to work on that in parallel.
We never did them any harm.
We never made another migration.
We normally ride out at the crack of dawn.
We now come to the point.
We ought to be able to persuade Matthew and Robbie to help.
We parted unreconciled, you remember, and I shan’t forgive myself.
We perspire when we feel too hot.
We plan to go to Tokyo again.
We plough the fields and scatter.
We provide a premier service.
We regularly see advertisements while browsing online.
We return to London tomorrow.
We return to town tomorrow.
We sat in silence for a few minutes.
We saw your light, and thought you wouldn't mind a call.
We see the best in humanity when we help each other.
We seem to be lacking alcohol.
We shall be poorer than ever when we get back.
We shall catch them yet before they reach the next stage.
We shall have plenty of time.’ ‘Capital!’ said Mr. Benjamin Allen.
We should be able to get some posts from the timber merchant
We should be on line to hit or even exceed our quarterly targets.
We should be outraged by the chronic underfunding of our social services.
We should find another dataset instead of only using mnist.
We should have thought ourselves in heaven!
We should meet again in about a fortnight
We should never have gone down that road.
We should not take for granted how fortunate we have been.
We should speak to the undertaker before booking the funeral service
We simply can't justify the expense.
We sink beneath it.
We spent a few hours just mooching around.
We spoke often.
We stopped at the crossroads, uncertain which way to turn
We think that ours is the better view.
We threaten to be of the one mind before the voyage is completed.
We three Kings of Orient are.
We took our initiatory step this evening.
We visited a beautiful teashop in the Cathedral close.
We visited a nice cosy pub in the New Forest.
We want to include all of our partners in this project.
We went on holiday in August with our in-laws.
We went to the local takeaway for a curry last night
We were connected at once, and I heard a servant’s voice.
We were lost, so Nate asked for directions.
We were now good friends.
We were recalled by a scream.
We who have endured so much surely can endure a little more.
We will be resolute!
We will continue to pursue the criminal until he is apprehended.
We will dine alone, then.
We will focus on this niche market.
We will go with you.
We will have to agree to disagree
We will leave in twenty minutes.
We will name the ship Aegis.
We will reconvene at the nearest opportunity.
We won!
We won't refer to that ever again.
We work hard, so our children don't have to.
We would appreciate an appropriate donation
We would not spend another such night.
We'd better put them on notice
We'll have to see about that.
We'll have to walk faster if we are to get there in time.
We'll have to watch our chances.
We'll need to push our way through this thicket.
We're going on a field trip to the local art museum.
We're going on holiday in our caravan next month
We're going to Paris for our honeymoon.
We're going to need a shopping trolley for all this shopping
We're going to the seaside for the May bank holiday
We're having a youth nerf war this Saturday.
We're hoping to meet up with them sometime next week.
We're late! According to the timetable, the lecture started at nine o'clock
We're losing light, we'll deal with it later.
We're monitoring the attack closely.
We're out of sellotape.
We're too far inland to see any seagulls yet.
We've been happily married for fifty years.
We've discussed these problems several times previously
We, Sir, we, are guided entirely by the statement of our client.
Websites must respect the privacy of its users.
Welcome to my house.
Welcome to our research Laboratory.
Welcome, dear friends.
Well that’s all right.
Well then, I’ll tell it.
Well then, it is my darling!
Well — and she said her tail was tingling like everything!
Well, Colonel Fitzwilliam, what do I play next?
Well, I am glad to hear that — very.
Well, I am so glad to see you.
Well, I made nothing of it.
Well, I shouldn’t mind that much!
Well, I will do what I can for you.
Well, I'll be plumb gosh darned.
Well, Monday morning came, and I was in such a fuss!
Well, Sir, and how are you?
Well, did they eat.
Well, gentlemen, I can’t think of anywhere else.
Well, go, if you please — get away!
Well, he’ll wait a while yet.
Well, how pleased I am!
Well, if it was good enough for Chaucer.
Well, it is a curious coincidence.
Well, it is — swarming with ghosts and goblins!
Well, it will teach me to be careful next time.
Well, it’s wonderful — that’s all can be said — wonderful.
Well, much good may it do them!
Well, never mind.
Well, next morning, the husband was missing.
Well, one morning I had good sport, and the mare was unaccountably restless.
Well, she is bold!
Well, something very flattering.
Well, spit it out!
Well, that is good news, indeed," said the man.
Well, that’s important.
Well, that’s right — that’s right.
Well, the monkeys set out hunting for this animal through the forest.
Well, then, what can be done? enquired the Woodman.
Well, then, ‘mimsy’ is ‘flimsy and miserable’ - there’s another portmanteau for you.
Well, there are better men in Hawaii, that's all.
Well, there is one who won’t shrink from my company!
Well, there was cause.
Well, this turn goes to the hill, I suppose—no, it doesn’t!
Well, well, I only hope it will last.
Well, we’ll go into the matter at our leisure.
Well, we’ve done everything that’s necessary.
Well, you do look tired.
Well, you dropped Linton with it into a Slough of Despond.
Well, you’ll be my chauffeur today and wear Hudson’s rig.
Were any civilians caught in the mix?
Were the whole arrangement complete, my disappointment would be certain.
Were you able to negotiate a reduced price?
Were you happy in prison, dear child?
Were your theatre tickets for the stalls, dress circle or balcony?
We’ll have pork-chops and roast duck for supper to-night.
We’ll not begin with your little notes.
We’ll pay you out for three-and-sixpence a week.
We’ll respect Catherine’s filial scruples.
We’re all out of gin: send help!
We’re not going to hurt thee, Linton — isn’t that thy name?
We’ve odd reports up here.
We’ve only a minute to do it.
What I have to say relates to poor Lydia.
What I have, I possess; what I hold, I own.
What I need is spectacles.
What I saw I could not at first believe.
What Pascal glimpsed with the vision of a seer, I have lived.
What a beauty!
What a blank, dreary mind he must have!
What a bright example!
What a contrast between him and his friend!
What a devastating indictment.
What a fabulous suggestion!
What a fatuous suggestion!
What a fine thing for our girls!
What a good joke it will be!
What a great pic!
What a height!
What a letter is this, to be written at such a moment!
What a nuisance money is, to be sure!
What a story to tell at the club.
What a strange mauve colour!
What a stroke was this for poor Jane!
What a study for an artist did that exciting scene present!
What a trifle scares you!
What advantage can it be for you to offend Mr. Darcy?
What an agreeable man Sir William is, Mr. Bingley, is not he?
What an excellent idea.
What an excited whispering and conferring took place.
What appears to be the problem, Jennifer?
What are the identifying features of a herring gull?
What are the judging criteria for the contest?
What are the pros and cons?
What are we going to do after dinner?
What are you going to do once you're qualified?
What are you sulky for?
What are you telling Miss Bennet?
What are you up to at the moment?
What are you?’ said the Pigeon.
What are young men to rocks and mountains?
What are your commands? enquired the King of the Monkeys, bowing low.
What brand of toilet paper do you use?
What can I do about my headache?
What can I do for Cathy?
What can I do for you, my child?
What can the world do to leave a smaller carbon footprint?
What can we do to save him?
What can we do, then?
What colour is your parachute?
What congratulations will then flow in!
What could be better than a nice cup of tea?
What could be more natural than his asking you again?
What could be the meaning of it?
What could have made them so late?
What could he mean?
What could she mean by it?
What could they be?
What did Colonel Forster say?
What did I say, Nelly?
What did Scudder mean by steps?
What did it ask you?’
What did the people think would emerge from those caves?
What did you get in your pay packet this month?
What did you think of her, now?
What did you think of the curried parsnip soup?
What do I mean?
What do kangaroos like to eat?
What do you command?
What do you mean by coming here and frightening my cow?
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct.
What do you mean by “If you really are a Queen”?
What do you mean, Mr. Bennet, in talking this way?
What do you say, now?
What do you suppose is the use of child without any meaning?
What do you talk about?
What do you think has happened this morning?
What do you think of this Tune?
What does it call itself, I wonder?
What does our dastardly contemporary mean?
What does ownership mean in the digital age?
What does that entail?
What ever shall we do?
What fine places of slow torture they are!
What flavour of yoghurt do you want from the supermarket?
What fragrant coolness revived him; what gushing sound was that?
What fresh misery is this?
What good do I get?
What good event venues are nearby?
What had played his part in the row?
What happened to you?
What happens if you swipe left?
What has she been doing to you?
What has there been to do at the Grange?
What have we become?
What have you got to say for yourself?
What he meant to do with it, and whether he were mad?
What if Jeanne failed him.
What if she did not come to the rock.
What if they were playing Peter’s game?
What if we all joined forces?
What is he about?
What is he like? asked the girl.
What is homeopathic medicine?
What is it about?
What is it like to be a passenger in an autonomous car?
What is it you are talking of?
What is it, Sir?
What is it?
What is it? asked the Lion.
What is that little animal you are so tender of?
What is that?
What is the best route to my destination?
What is the height, length and width of the container?
What is the matter, love?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the shape input?
What is to become of us?
What is your opinion? 'That it ought not to be attempted'.
What is your progress?
What is your recipe?
What is your stance on this?
What is your trouble? asked the Lion, quietly.
What kept her up?
What kind of a story was I to tell about Scudder?
What kind of herb this is?
What kind of living will it be when you — oh, God!
What kind of steps do you mean, sir?
What makes you a coward?
What must I do? asked the girl.
What number is this?
What part of the United States is your home.
What possessed him to turn listener?
What praise is more valuable than the praise of an intelligent servant?
What restaurants are in this area?
What restaurants are nearby?
What right have you to call yourself so?
What right — answer me — for the poor fancy you felt for Linton?
What say you, Mary?
What shall we do now? asked Dorothy, sadly.
What shall we do? asked Dorothy, despairingly.
What shall we do? asked the Tin Woodman.
What should I have done, Ellen?
What sort of things are you interested in?
What the flaming.
What was I doing?
What was a roadman doing twenty miles from his beat, pursued by the police?
What was he to do?
What was his name now?” And I scratched a forgetful head.
What was that? she asked, timidly.
What was the name of its proprietor?
What was the object of your little sensation.
What will Wickham say?
What will protect him?
What will she do?
What will you do about her?
What would be the consequence?
What would he say to the returned convict?
What would he think?
What would she have said?
What would they do at the end of a year?
What would you do if you were a billionaire?
What would you have us called?
What's her call sign?
What's it like to live in a virtual world?
What's that furry thing hopping around the garden?
What's that grub-thief got to do with it.
What's that rattling noise from under the bonnet?
What's the date?
What's the horsepower of a single horse?
What's the location of the next race?
What's the lowest common multiple of three hundred forty and fifty-two?
What's the sine of ninety degrees?
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
What's the timeline for the project?
What's the title of that book you told be about?
What's your age?
What's your surname?
What, all five out at once?
What, has she frightened away some of your lovers?
What, you were thirsty, were you?
Whatever he guessed he locked away in the taboo room of Naomi.
Whatever he said, was said well; and whatever he did, done gracefully.
What’s bugging you?
What’s the Best Before date?
What’s the French for fiddle-de-dee?
What’s the matter with the dog?
What’s the matter?
What’s your grievance?
When Claire was nineteen she found herself becoming increasingly depressed
When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing.
When I came to I was waving my hat and murmuring ecstatically.
When I can't see beauty in woman I want to die.
When I entered that quiet thoroughfare it seemed deserted.
When I get used to my brains I shall know everything.
When I got back the lift-man had an important face.
When I have brains I shall probably like them better.
When I return I shall be as other men are.
When I was a child, I loved buying sherbet at the sweet shop
When I was a child, little boys wanted to become engine drivers.
When I was getting better, he never bothered me with a question.
When I was left alone I started in to fake up that corpse.
When I was young, I used to take life-saving lessons.
When I was your age, I did it for half-an-hour a day.
When I wish to speak to you I’ll come here.
When a trim parlour-maid opened the door, I could hardly find my voice.
When alone with Elizabeth afterwards, she spoke more on the subject.
When did you follow?
When flying, I have often wondered about the expression Arm the Doors and Crosscheck
When he did speak again, it was in a deep growl.
When he had gone, he picked up his rod.
When he said himself I think he meant ourselves.
When he went to bed I sat up and finished Scudder.
When icy conditions are forecast, councils usually send out gritters.
When is his trial?
When is your turn to come?
When morning came they started again.
When my child was born, I was in tears.
When my daughter finishes at primary school, she'll go on to secondary school
When my daughter was at school she was very keen on hockey
When my eyes were opened to his real character.
When shall we begin?
When shall we start? asked the Scarecrow.
When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous.
When the little girl saw them coming she was afraid.
When the snow came, they all went out sledging.
When their investments failed, Sophie and Bill lost nearly half a million pounds
When this was done she had a less active part to play.
When will Mr. Dodson be back, sir?
When will the winner be announced?
When will they be here?
When will you graduate?
When wiring a plug, make sure you can identify the earth wire
When would you catch me wishing to have what Catherine wanted?
When you make tea, do you pour the tea or the milk first?
When you’ve finished doing the washing up, you can make the beds
When's the next showing of Mission: Impossible?
When, at last, he came back, Dorothy asked, "Have you seen Oz?"
Where are my friends? You ain’t got no friends.
Where can I find the enquiry desk?
Where can we find fish fillet?
Where did she pick up this companion?
Where did you get the mark upon your forehead?
Where do I apply for citizenship?
Where do you come from?
Where does discretion end, and avarice begin?
Where does he live?
Where have you been? Speak!’
Where he searched for them, I cannot tell.
Where is Kansas? asked the man, in surprise.
Where is he? asked the Stork.
Where is she?
Where is the Emerald City? he enquired; "and who is Oz?"
Where is the Nobel Prize awarded again?
Where is the closest bathroom?
Where is the maid-servant?
Where is the pony, Miss Cathy?
Where is this City?
Where is this all going to lead?
Where is this great spider of yours now?
Where one door shuts, another opens.
Where shall you change horses?.
Where the devil can I get a book of tide tables?
Where the dexterity of the lawyers, eager to discover a flaw?
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Where was the wit of the sharp-sighted men of sound mind?
Where was the woman ever seen who resembled you?
Where were you last night?
Where were you?
Where will the ceremony take place?
Where will their insolence stop?
Where would you go?
Where's the art gallery?
Where’s my servant?
Where’s that duck?
Where’s your kit, by the way?
Which English author wrote a series of twenty-one novels?
Which backend do you use for Keras?
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Which do you prefer: the Windows or the Mac operating system?
Which email client do you use?
Which he certainly did not, being made entirely of cardboard.
Which is the best women's baseball team?
Which is your dominant hand, right or left?
Which of us was likely to speak to him about tonight?
Which road leads to the Wicked Witch of the West?
Which shall sing?
Which subjects did you do for your A-levels?
Which version do you have?
Which would you prefer to choose?
While I am gone the Scarecrow will rule over you.
While he was taking off his coat I saw who it was.
While shepherds watched their flocks by night.
While they were thus occupied, our jailor re-entered.
Whilst attempting to jump over the wall, he broke his leg.
Whilst we wait, here are a few kittens to look at.
Whipporwills make the strangest, most beautiful sounds.
Whisky is made in Scotland; whiskey is made in Ireland.
White Leghorns, said Mrs Mortimer.
White spirit is quite useful for removing oily stains
Whitefish, Gregson, whitefish and trout.
Whittaker brightened up.
Whittaker was looking very glum.
Whiz-zip-bang. Lop-Ear screamed with sudden anguish.
Who Stole the Tarts?
Who are the Munchkins?
Who are the Wizards?
Who are you, and where are you going? asked the Stork.
Who are you, and why do you seek me?
Who are you?
Who are you? asked the Scarecrow.
Who attended to you?
Who authorised that?
Who baked those muffins?
Who can help it?
Who cares for fish, game, or any other dish?
Who could bear to drag out a life in such a spot?
Who does that jewellery belong to?
Who else is out there every day, protecting seagulls?
Who ever saw me with her?
Who ever saw one that size?
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Who has the ace of spades?
Who heads up this organisation?
Who is Aunt Em?
Who is Glinda? enquired the Scarecrow.
Who is coward now?
Who is going to carry the beer?
Who is going to organise the children's play?
Who is it?
Who is the oldest person alive?
Who is to separate us, pray?
Who maintains this repository?
Who melted her?
Who normally cleans the loo in your house?
Who reads the newspaper anymore?
Who should suffer but myself?
Who supplied him with the gun?
Who the devil gave it to you to be judge and jury.
Who wants me?
Who was it that cried “No”?
Who was it, Joe?
Who was it?
Who was that, that dashed it from his lips?
Who was the choreographer for that?
Who went first?
Who will go first?
Who won last night's game?
Who would believe my tale?
Who would not give all else for two pennyworth only of beautiful soup?
Who would wish to live in such a land?
Who's brought the cake?
Who's the managing director of this company?
Who's the recipient?
Whoever it is, they are coming after us.
Whoever lived on the ranch did that.
Who’d believe me?
Who’d have thought it of him — him so gentle-like and all!
Who’s number twenty-two, that’s to put all the others out?
Who’s to drive?
Why am I so changed?
Why any fear of detection?
Why are those needles and pins sticking out of your head?
Why are you avoiding me?
Why can't you get it?
Why cannot you say at once you don’t want me?
Why did Cooper get suspended at school?
Why did he come a day before he was expected?
Why did she come?
Why did they ever let her go out of their sight?
Why did you betray your own heart, Cathy?
Why did you despise me?
Why did you hold the candle horizontally?
Why didn't you walk around the hole? asked the Tin Woodman.
Why do I feel light-headed?
Why do you feel you need to make them happy?
Why do you have to obey the charm of the Golden Cap?
Why do you seek me?
Why do you want water?
Why do you wish to see Oz?
Why do you wish to see the terrible Oz? asked the man.
Why does nobody eat semolina?
Why does that plane keep going over?
Why does this tyrannosaurus rex feel sticky?
Why don't you get rid of that awful old jacket?
Why don't you run and jump? asked the Scarecrow.
Why don’t you visit at the Grange with Linton?
Why exactly are we voting for a convicted felon?
Why has this problem arisen?
Why have you disregarded my request?
Why is her fringe not straight?
Why is the public so apathetic?
Why must their marriage be private?
Why not have up Mrs. Dean to finish her tale?
Why not like any railroad station or ferry depot.
Why should I do this for you?
Why should I do this? demanded the Beast.
Why should I give you courage?
Why should I?
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round.
Why should they try to influence him?
Why should you be anxious to conceal them?
Why shouldn’t he be?
Why shouldn’t you suffer?
Why's she being so spiky at the moment?
Why, I do believe we’ve been under this tree the whole time!
Why, I don’t know.
Why, I stop here too.
Why, almost bright and cheerful.
Why, doggone you all, shake again.
Why, don't you know? she returned, in surprise.
Why, he would eat us all up.
Why, he's bought forty pounds of goods from you already.
Why, it’s a Looking-glass book, of course!
Why, it’s got branches, I declare!
Why, it’s turning into a sort of mist now, I declare!
Why, she’s a liar to the end!
Why, sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Why, that isn’t a bed!
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil.
Why, the man is mad!
Why, we passed it ten minutes ago!
Why, what are those creatures, making honey down there?
Wickham so very bad!
Wickham will never marry a woman without some money.
Widely different was the effect of a second perusal.
Widows, gentlemen, are not usually timorous, as my uncle used to say.
Wikidata is a repository of structured open source data.
Wikipedia is one of the world's most popular websites, and it's free!
Wildflowers flourished on the verge of the country road
Will he never learn?
Will that please you, dear?
Will we ever forget it.
Will you be happy when I am in the earth?
Will you do it, or shall I?
Will you do so, my good Nelly?
Will you forget me?
Will you give up Heathcliff hereafter, or will you give up me?
Will you kindly stop ranting?
Will you let me finish?
Will you ruin her, because she has not wit to help herself?
Will you shut the door, if you please?
Will you take me to her?
Will you take port or sherry?
William’s conduct at first was moderate.
Wind is very important in long-distant smelling.
Wind up the coil of wires.
Windows are usually rectangular, less commonly round or triangular.
Windy, isn’t it?’ ‘Very,’ he said.
Winter break is only a few weeks away!
Winter came, and with it weeks of cold and heavy rain.
Winter is not here yet.
Witch marks were a kind of folk magic.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams
With her metal detector she discovered a Viking treasure trove.
With luck, we should be able to dispose of his stamp albums at auction
With my strength I slammed it full into Red-Eye's face.
With one effort, I could have hurled him into the street beneath.
With one of these bricks I could blow the house to smithereens.
With straining eagerness Catherine gazed towards the entrance of her chamber.
With the mention of Derbyshire there were many ideas connected.
With the torch to help me I investigated further.
With them were Indians, also three other men.
With these arguments he convinced himself that he should go on alone.
With these rooms I might now have been familiarly acquainted!
With these words he disappeared among the crowd.
With these words he left the room, followed by Sam.
With these words they disappeared down the stairs.
With this insult my patience was at an end.
With this intention, I turned and opened the panels.
Within himself he called it no longer his own.
Without a doubt, some of them have dinner engagements.
Without discussion, it was the agents provocateurs who caused the Peasant Revolt.
Without fear or favour.
Without my mobile I'd feel really lost
Without them he could not run his empire.
Won't he ever remember?
Won't they hurt me? asked the girl, anxiously.
Won't you draw up, gentlemen.
Won't you go with me?
Won't you tell me a story, while we are resting?
Wonder if he's a lion dog, Charles suggested.
Won’t you come here again?
Word wrap formatting helps text documents read clearer.
Work hard to unleash your full potential.
Worship is about more than just singing.
Would it be feasible to expand the scope of this investigation?
Would the fall never come to an end!
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me.
Would you like a biscuit with your tea?
Would you like a game of noughts and crosses?
Would you like to eat a Scone?
Would you like to, or should I?
Would you like your cod fried in batter?
Would you mind opening the window, please?
Would you mind standing aside?
Wow! Did you see that?
Writing was his only solace
Wrongheaded, shortsighted, and politically expedient.
Wuthering Heights is the name of Mr. Heathcliff’s dwelling.
Wuthering Heights was the goal of my proposed excursion.
Yay! Sounds amazing!
Ye see, my daughter was merry last night, and we kept it up late.
Yea, I will tell thee.
Yea, so are all the lesser animals of today clean.
Yeah, right, like you didn't know!
Yeah, you and what army?
Years passed before he realized the truth.
Yep, right!
Yes my dear, he said cynically.
Yes — if Darcy does not put it off again.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I concur.
Yes, I think you had better.
Yes, Saturday should be fine.
Yes, a wedding.
Yes, and a quick way out of our troubles.
Yes, and if people would stop interrupting we could get it finished.
Yes, and it worries me, and I must let it out!
Yes, and no, sir, was the slow reply.
Yes, clearly, that's an obvious no-brainer
Yes, here are more!
Yes, it was a man who asked, a stranger.
Yes, it was; there they were.
Yes, she called yesterday with her father.
Yes, she will do for him very well.
Yes, sir, I corrected.
Yes, sir, he answered, with cheerful alacrity.
Yes, that rings a bell.
Yes, that would do nicely.
Yes, we would rather walk.
Yes, yes, they must marry.
Yes, yes, they will take care not to outrun their income.
Yes; but you must own she is very plain.
Yes; very curious life.
Yes; you have cause to blush.
Yes; you must have observed my anxiety about them today.
Yes; — there is nothing in that.
Yesterday, you know, Mr. Earnshaw should have been at the funeral.
Yet I couldn’t be convinced.
Yet he dreams he is immortal, I argue feebly.
Yet he is such a man!
Yet he knew to the contrary himself.
Yet in a queer way I liked the speech.
Yet it did, and even a third.
Yet, behind them there was another and more powerful motive.
Yet, for my sake, you must be friends now.
Yet, how just a humiliation!
Yet, in accordance with Ernest's test of truth, it worked.
Yet, who knows how long you’ll be a stranger?
Yield yourself to the waters that are ripping and tearing at you.
You accepted him!
You alluded to something else.
You also came through the air, being carried by a cyclone.
You always think of things to eat.
You and Edgar have broken my heart, Heathcliff!
You and papa, and my sisters, must come down and see us.
You are a castaway — be off, or I’ll hurt you seriously!
You are a child of the universe
You are a hypocrite, too, are you?
You are a wicked creature!
You are all very kind to me.
You are attempting the coxcomb, are you?
You are aware that I am no way blameable in this matter.
You are caught, my fine friend!
You are charmingly grouped, and appear to uncommon advantage.
You are learning something every day.
You are miserable, are you not?
You are never too old to learn.
You are not afraid of me?
You are not doing anything to help.
You are not going yet.
You are nothing but a big coward.
You are only doing your duty.
You are positively soulless, he said savagely.
You are right, my dear Sir, she is rather old.
You are slow!
You are so strange!
You are sure you did not?
You are surely losing your reason.
You are swindlers.
You are the gentleman of whom we have heard.
You are the very first man to talk like us.
You are travelling for amusement and instruction.
You are very welcome.
You are worse than twenty foes, you poisonous friend!
You asked, what has driven me to flight at last?
You began it too, for he wasn’t doing nothing.
You can attach the poster using drawing pins
You can call model dot summary to see the model structure.
You can choose either the fruit salad or the cheese
You can count its three big sails — all red.
You can do him no good.
You can do it. Just take baby steps.
You can do what you like, old boy!
You can exchange your foreign currency at a bureau de change
You can heat the rice pudding on the hob
You can invent reasons.
You can lie as snug here as if you were in a moss-hole.
You can make a direct transfer to our bank account.
You can reclaim gift aid provided you are a taxpayer.
You can see from the blood that Alice has cut herself
You can see thousands of stars with the naked eye in the night sky?
You can stop those monkey tricks at once!
You can take a vacation on pay.
You can take this case straight to the High Court.
You can use either a fountain pen or a biro
You can use sultanas or raisins when making fruitcake
You can use that tea towel to dry the dishes
You can use this teatowel to dry yourself.
You can withdraw cash from a cash machine, sometimes known as a cashpoint
You can't seriously expect me to go through with this?
You cannot follow in time.
You can’t mistake it.
You can’t stop if you haven’t got an anchor.
You certainly can't depend upon it.
You contradict your own words, and distract me!
You could be free instantly.
You couldn’t conceive a more innocent spectacle.
You couldn’t get at it without shutting the door first.
You deserve this.
You deserved, both of you, flogging for that!
You do it!—That I won’t, then!
You do not blame me, however, for refusing him?
You do not know me?
You do not look well.
You do not make allowance enough for difference of situation and temper.
You do not understand the habits of the spy.
You don't catch me at any such foolishness.
You don't need them.
You don’t deserve this welcome.
You don’t know everything.
You don’t know that he was drowned, do you?
You especially, the elder; and less sensitive, as it turns out.
You feel aggrieved.
You felt yourself insulted.
You fired me out of your house, in short.
You forget that I have made no answer.
You give me fresh life and vigour.
You go with her round the farm.
You got out by fighting, and I through a pretty girl.
You great booby!
You had better do it at once.
You had gone, for a friend perhaps.
You had much better dance. I certainly shall not.
You have a hand in this business and we are taking no risks.
You have a right to be here.
You have a short memory.
You have a strong skin — yes?
You have all the advantage.
You have anticipated it long since.
You have associated with some of these men.
You have delighted us long enough.
You have done all this!
You have employed your time much better.
You have exactly one minute.
You have heard always how he was the lover of the Princess Naomi.
You have invariably been treated very kindly.
You have killed me — and thriven on it, I think.
You have killed yourself.
You have liked many a stupider person.
You have many herbs in this garden.
You have no right to take my shoe from me.
You have not told papa, Ellen?
You have really been most kind.
You have reason in shutting it up, I assure you.
You have reduced him to his present state of poverty — comparative poverty.
You have sense, and we all expect you to use it.
You have to leave your bag in the cloakroom
You just need to add more layers as always.
You know a little too much, Mr Hannay.
You know him too well to doubt the rest.
You know she has not!
You know that’s really quite remarkable — quite.
You know the way they think.
You left me too: but I won’t upbraid you!
You like poetry?
You little liar!
You live on an income which your father earned.
You look pale.
You loved me — then what right had you to leave me?
You made light work of that!
You make me laugh so that I can hardly hold you!
You make some good points.
You may be certain this grieved more than angered me.
You may be sure he will be kind to it.
You may consider yourself very fortunate in having escaped him so easily.
You may depend upon my seeking no further.
You may fancy a glimpse of the abyss where I grovelled!
You may find yourself out of pocket by thousands of pounds in legal fees.
You may imagine what I felt and how I acted.
You may look incredulous, if you please!
You may say that.
You may well warn me against such an evil.
You mean Jane, I suppose, because he danced with her twice.
You mean for this State, General, Alberta.
You mentioned two instances.
You might as well try to catch a Bandersnatch!
You might have been a cat yourself.
You might wish for it, but you don’t need it.
You must answer it; and that violence does not alarm me.
You must be a great sorceress.
You must be hungry after your ride.
You must come home directly.
You must contrive to send somebody.
You must expect to fail sometimes; please don't quit.
You must give me the Golden Cap.
You must go into the Throne Room alone.
You must keep your promises to us!
You must not stir from my side during the whole interview.
You must read it immediately, because it wants an answer.
You must see her.
You must send John with the young ladies, Mrs. Collins.
You must sleep, he urged.
You must take this matter in hand for them.
You must walk.
You mustn't do that. Stop it!
You mustn’t do that.
You mustn’t go and leave, after all.
You need not.
You need to apply yourself
You need to be more cautious, especially around expensive equipment like this.
You need to click on the link to open the file
You need to get out of my way! he said aggressively
You need to give yourself a talking to.
You need to press the accelerator to go more quickly
You need to promise never to attempt that again
You need to put your rubbish into the dustbin
You need to resist negativity.
You need to right click to pull up the menu.
You need to select a different menu option to switch modes.
You need to vary your approach when tackling difficult problems.
You need to wait for the dialling tone before dialling the number
You needn’t be so disturbed.
You never had one shadow of substantial sorrow, Miss Catherine.
You never harmed me in your life.
You never see a fault in anybody.
You noticed he said nothing, but went through these papers again and again.
You ought all to have learned.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself! said the girl, anxiously.
You prove it.
You purchased two tons of creamed corn on March sixth.
You quite mistook Mr. Darcy.
You read the quotations in today's paper.
You really must consider yourself, my dear, which you never do.
You really ought to do something about that haircut.
You recollect Arabella?
You recollect him?
You required a verbal explanation.
You said you cared nothing for my sufferings!
You saw me load them.
You see I had to pile up some evidence for the inquest.
You see how continually we are engaged there.
You see on what a footing we are.
You see the wind is so very strong here.
You see, Kitty, it must have been either me or the Red King.
You see, a minute goes by so fearfully quick.
You see, master hadn’t introduced us, then.
You see, we were teaching ourselves.
You seem to have been very systematic in your proceedings.
You shall do that.
You shall go to the gallows for this.
You shall have nothing to eat until you do as I wish.
You shall know him better.
You shall not defend her, though it is Charlotte Lucas.
You shall not, I tell you.
You shall stay: now then!
You should have come, instead of writing.
You should have joined us last night.
You should have seen them when they heard me spitting Chinook.
You should listen and learn; I can teach you how to succeed
You should make the most of your hopes, wishes and desires.
You should never have agreed with her
You should not be sullen now.
You should stick to what you’ve started.
You sit down too.
You speak as though he were a dress to be re-dyed.
You surprise me.
You take delight in vexing me.
You talk of her mind being unsettled.
You thought the waiter must not hear, as if he cared!
You used to joyride like the very devil.
You want me to accept half a guinea?
You want setting down in your right place!
You want to go over and see his gang throw dirt.
You were destroying my life.
You were engaged.
You were going to leave after you saw me on the rock.
You were going to run off in my ship, eh?
You were in London, but you can explain what you were doing.
You were looking squeamish this afternoon, he began.
You were making them talk shop, Ruth charged him.
You were not satisfied.
You were not to be found.
You were really sorry for me, were you?
You were right.
You were too interested in other things to have any eyes.
You who have felt what it is to be so neglected!
You will be perfectly safe.
You will bring these persons before me, this afternoon.
You will excuse me, gentlemen; I was imprudent.
You will find an oil-can on a shelf in my cottage.
You will find them at the Great White Horse.
You will hardly bear to be long outdone by Jane.
You will have the caption made tomorrow, of course?
You will need a pin in order to use a bankcard
You will need gloves; it's freezing outside.
You will need to join the end of the queue.
You will need your National Insurance Number to apply for a pension
You will see me again, young man, tomorrow.
You will wear the green velvet jacket?
You woke me out of, oh such a nice dream!
You won't die of malnutrition, be sure of that.
You won't ski well unless you bend your knees
You won’t forget these expressions, Mr. Jackson?
You won’t get a soundbite from me.
You wouldn’t injure me, Linton, would you?
You wouldn’t mind selling it, now?
You yellow giant thing of the frost.
You'll find many native species of plant in this field
You'll find the dog outside, in the kennel
You'll need three teaspoonsful for that.
You'll need to measure it to work out the cost.
You're a devil for fighting, and will surely win.
You're beating a dead horse
You're going in for grab sharing.
You're going to need more practice if you're going to master that piece.
You're in room fifteen J, said the receptionist coldly.
You're joking me, sir, the other managed to articulate.
You're positive it's what you're looking for?
You, of course,’ said Mr. Tupman.
You, you would not keep the truth from me.
Young Earnshaw was altered considerably in the three years of his absence.
Young Edmunds was suspected, with three companions.
Young children often like to eat fish fingers, chips and baked beans
Young people are frequently told nowadays to reach for the stars.
Your being wrecked here has been a godsend to me.
Your bliss lies, like his, in inflicting misery.
Your coat looks as though it needed brushing — badly.
Your cousin's conduct does not suit my feelings.
Your determination, Sir.
Your duty is to send your car for the police and give me up.
Your face is red with blood.
Your face was the personification of duplicity.
Your father of course may spare you, if your mother can.
Your father's fifth command, he nodded.
Your hand, my boy!
Your health, sir.
Your love will make him an outcast and a beggar.
Your mother insists upon your accepting it.
Your payment is due.
Your price, my son, is just about thirty per week.
Your pride cannot blind God!
Your privacy is very important.
Your services are appreciated.
Your sister I also watched.
Your superior knowledge of your sister must make the latter probable.
Youth had come back to her, freed from the yoke of oppression.
You’d be nowhere.
You’d better stop where you are, sir, if I might recommend.
You’d better think about catching your train.
You’ll be catching a crab directly.
You’ll be delighted with him.
You’ll come to it in time.
You’ll have to seek for her shoes in the bog tomorrow.
You’ll hear his voice in a moment.
You’ll hit something next time, if you look sharp.
You’ll never guess! I couldn’t.
You’ll not go, then?
You’ll not meet any one on the front stairs.
You’ll not tell, will you?
You’ll own that I’ve outmatched Hindley there.
You’ll see nothing to provoke you.
You’ll want some furniture.
You’re a good fellow, and I’m going to be frank.
You’re a serpent; and there’s no use denying it.
You’re about his size.
You’re about my height.
You’re an intelligent man.
You’re fit for a prince in disguise.
You’re going to need two tablespoonsful.
You’re just talking.
You’re pining for pure love, are you not?
You’ve brought it, have you?
You’ve done just right to tell the story leisurely.
You’ve got plenty of medicines left in the bag.
You’ve had a pleasant run!
You’ve hit it.
You’ve not done right, have you, now?
You’ve played me an ill turn, Heathcliff!
Zilla relaxed her sour mouth long enough to sigh her satisfaction.
Zucchini is the same thing as courgette
amis qui lui restait.
and having to relate such a thing of his sister!
and they described you jolly well, down to your boots and shirt.
and with the knowledge of your ill opinion, too!
are you going with me?
c’est la vie d’un homme qui est en jeu maintenant.
c’est l’ordinateur qui décide, alors, j’imagine que cela dépend.
c’est plus raisonnable déjà, c’est une voiture
des amis sont d’accord pour vous prêter la somme.
elle avait accepté le jeu. Comme un jeu un peu étrange.
elle s’était attachée à l’air de la mer, aux oiseaux.
elle trouvait trop fatigant de paraître autre chose.
how has he got rich?
il est coriace finalement ! Évidemment, pas forcément
il s’agit de sauver une vie.
il tapa sur le clavier.
it was melancholy to leave her to such society!
les gens lui parlaient comme à un être humain.
les ravisseurs ne réclament plus que vingt-cinq mille euros
my dear, I am quite delighted with him.
on a préparé une liste.
on peut dire que je suis tombée dedans quand j’étais petite.
to put me on my guard?
un peu raide même dans la robe qu’elle s’était choisie
un peu trop habillée, mais pour une fois qu’elle voyait du monde…
une cinquantaine de femmes et d’hommes, assis dans le grand amphithéâtre.
une escort-girl pour certains de vos clients ?
vous avez un chèque de cinquante mille euros, disons une valise de billets plutôt
vous comprenez c’est seulement pour nous aider à établir un profil.
vous ne connaissez pas, un étranger, un Espagnol ?
vous pouvez la remettre à des ravisseurs, en échange ils libèrent l’enfant.
we are moving now,’ said the old gentleman exultingly.
where is that?’ I asked.
you really aren't made for this work, he said with condescension.
À usage strictement interne, je vous rassure.
À vingt-quatre ans elle semblait encore une enfant.
Ça avait un nom de fille, elle ne se souvenait plus lequel.
‘A Valentine,’ replied Sam.
‘A beautiful animal!’ I commenced again.
‘A cat may look at a king,’ said Alice.
‘A dear little crab!’ thought Alice.
‘A double, sir,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘A fine day, your Majesty!’ the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
‘A gentleman!’ said the lady, with a terrific scream.
‘A glass of water!’ said the passionate Wardle.
‘A glass of water,’ said the humane Mr. Pickwick, summoning the landlady.
‘A hundred,’ said the little man.
‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest contempt.
‘A little, Sir,’ replied that gentleman.
‘A little, if you please,’ replied Mary.
‘A little—a little,’ the King replied, rather nervously.
‘A man of wrath!’ he exclaimed.
‘A quarter to two,’ he said, looking at the parlour clock.
‘A strange choice of favourites!’ she observed scornfully.
‘A strange man!’ shrieked the lady.
‘A very agreeable portrait,’ I observed to the housekeeper.
‘About his work in the stable,’ was my answer.
‘Accommodation, eh?’ said that gentleman, consulting a large book.
‘Ah!’ exclaimed the old lady.
‘Ah, so it is,’ said Mrs. Weller, setting her cap to rights.
‘Ah, what is it, now?’ the Unicorn cried eagerly.
‘Ahem!’ said the Mouse with an important air, ‘are you all ready?’
‘All right, sir,’ replied Mr. Weller, pausing.
‘All right,’ replied Mr. Winkle faintly.
‘All right,’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘All round the town?’ he said.
‘All well at the Heights?’ I inquired of the woman.
‘Amiable man that Sammy,’ said Mr. Weller, smoking violently.
‘Among his books!’ she cried, confounded.
‘An abstruse subject, I should conceive,’ he said.
‘An awful Sunday,’ commenced the paragraph beneath.
‘And be here again next Thursday,’ continued he, shunning her puzzled gaze.
‘And bring some soda-water,’ said Bob Sawyer.
‘And darker,’ said Tweedledee.
‘And he spoke to me,’ she added, with a perplexed countenance.
‘And how did you know I was here?’ inquired Mary.
‘And how did you manage on the twelfth?’ Alice went on eagerly.
‘And how’s father?’ said Sam.
‘And me,’ interposed his wife.
‘And nowhere else?’ I demanded.
‘And she loved mine,’ added he.
‘And she suffered him!’ exclaimed the old lady.
‘And so it is, surely,’ said a third fat man.
‘And so it’s a secret?’ said Sam.
‘And that’s very true,’ said the placid one.
‘And those other gentlemen?’ ‘They are going also,’ he said.
‘And twenty,’ said Mr. Jingle.
‘And washing?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘And what an ignorant little girl she’ll think me for asking!
‘And what are you?’ inquired Catherine, gazing curiously on the speaker.
‘And what do you learn from daddy?’ I continued.
‘And what enormous flowers they must be!’ was her next idea.
‘And who ordered you to obey her?’ he added, turning to Hareton.
‘And why not, sir — why not?’ he said, turning warmly upon him.
‘And with too good reason,’ added Mrs. Weller gravely.
‘And you told a deliberate untruth!’ he said.
‘And you were all the better for it, I know!’ the Queen said triumphantly.
‘And your little boy — ’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘And you’ll be my friend?’ added Catherine, interrogatively.
‘Another sandwich!’ said the King.
‘Any luggage, Sir?’ inquired the coachman.
‘Any maker’s name?’ ‘Brown.’ ‘Where of?’ ‘Muggleton'.
‘Anything new?’ ‘No, nothing particular'.
‘Anything you like,’ said the Footman, and began whistling.
‘Are their heads off?’ shouted the Queen.
‘Are there any lions or tigers about here?’ she asked timidly.
‘Are there many crabs here?’ said Alice.
‘Are they pointing?’ No, no; not now.
‘Are we nearly there?’ Alice managed to pant out at last.
‘Are you a cricketer?’ inquired Mr. Wardle of the marksman.
‘Are you animal—vegetable—or mineral?’ he said, yawning at every other word.
‘Are you content now?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Are you deaf?’ inquired the little old gentleman.
‘Are you faint?’ inquired the anxious Rachael.
‘Are you going anywhere?’ ‘No, it is raining,’ she answered.
‘Are you going to listen to her ravings?’ I said, passionately.
‘Are you hurt?’ inquired Mr. Benjamin Allen, with great anxiety.
‘Are you mad, sir?’ he demanded.
‘Are you married?’ inquired the dirty-faced man.
‘Are you to get in at all?’ said the Footman.
‘As a bandit,’ repeated Mr. Tupman, mildly.
‘As well as you can,’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘Ask him to step here.’ ‘Yes, sir.’
‘Ask the landlady of the White Hart about that, Sir,’ replied Sam
‘Assembly, eh?’ ‘No, Sir, not assembly, Sir'.
‘At a boarding-school?’ said Sam.
‘At ten precisely, I will be there,’ said the little man.
‘Aunt Isabella had not you and me to nurse her,’ I replied.
‘Ay — nay,’ he drawled.
‘Be quiet’ resumed Wardle.
‘Beautiful indeed,’ he replied.
‘Because he can’t,’ said Mr. Grundy.
‘Beg your pardon, sir,’ said Wilkins.
‘Begone!’ I shouted.
‘Bless his heart!’ she interposed, with a maternal sob.
‘Bless my heart!’ he exclaimed, turning round again.
‘Bless us!’ said the lady.
‘Bless your heart, sir, servants always do,’ replied Mr. Weller.
‘Bless your innocence, sir, that ain’t it,’ replied Sam.
‘Blew—me—up,’ panted the Queen, who was still a little out of breath.
‘Bravo!’ Mr. Pickwick was heard to exclaim, from the passage.
‘But I do,’ said her cousin, shuddering.
‘But I’ll have it,’ he said, ‘when I want it'.
‘But I’m not a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice.
‘But I’m not used to it!’ pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.
‘But about his toes?’ the Mock Turtle persisted.
‘But don’t you think it means more?’ inquired Sam.
‘But he can be found,’ said the ardent Mr. Tupman, interposing.
‘But he won’t come!’ roared Mr. Winkle.
‘But she must have a prize herself, you know,’ said the Mouse.
‘But stay,’ he continued, turning towards the young lady.
‘But you shall answer it, Sir.’ ‘Answer what?’ he said.
‘But you won’t let him strike me?’ she cried.
‘By no means!’ cried Mrs. Linton in answer.
‘By-the-bye, what became of the baby?’ said the Cat.
‘Cab!’ he called.
‘Call it what you like,’ said the Cat.
‘Call the next witness!’ said the King.
‘Can I speak to Mr. Winkle, sir?’ replied Boots from the outside.
‘Can anything be finer or more delightful?’ he inquired of Mr. Winkle.
‘Can we have beds here?’ he inquired, summoning the waiter.
‘Can you answer useful questions?’ she said.
‘Can you drive?’ said the fat boy.
‘Can you guess why I did that?’ he said to Alice.
‘Can you keep from crying by considering things?’ she asked.
‘Can’t you?’ the Queen said in a pitying tone.
‘Capital dinners he gave; fine port, too,’ he remarked.
‘Capital!’ echoed both Mr. Snodgrass and Mr. Winkle.
‘Capital!’ said Mr. Winkle, who was carving a fowl on the box.
‘Catherine Linton,’ it replied, shiveringly why did I think of Linton?
‘Cathy, are you busy this afternoon?’ asked Heathcliff.
‘Cathy, this lamb of yours threatens like a bull!’ he said.
‘Certainly not!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘Certainly not,’ he replied eagerly; ‘not on any account'.
‘Certainly not,’ he responded.
‘Certainly not,’ replied Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Certainly not,’ replied the little doctor.
‘Certainly, ma’am,’ he interposed, very quickly.
‘Certainly, sir,’ replied the testy little judge.
‘Certainly,’ added the doctor.
‘Certainly,’ replied Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Certainly,’ replied Sam.
‘Certainly,’ replied the landlord.
‘Certainly,’ replied the unwelcome visitor.
‘Certainly’ said Mr. Pickwick; and down they sat.
‘Change engines—’ it said, and was obliged to leave off.
‘Change lobsters again!’ it yelled at the top of its voice.
‘Charming women,’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Check!’ and Alice looked round in some surprise for the new enemy.
‘Clear-headed, strong-minded person,’ added Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Close by, Sir,’ said the waiter, ‘not above five hundred yards'.
‘Coach is ready, Sir,’ said Sam, appearing at the door.
‘Collar that Dormouse,’ the Queen shrieked out.
‘Come along, then.’ ‘Hold hard, Sir,’ said Sam, raising the barrow.
‘Come along,’ cried Wardle.
‘Come back!’ the Caterpillar called after her.
‘Come in!’ cried the little man.
‘Come in,’ said Arabella.
‘Come in,’ said a female voice.
‘Come on!’ said the cab-driver, sparring away like clockwork.
‘Come to take you home tomorrow,’ replied Benjamin.
‘Come — are you coming?’ I continued.
‘Come, come, there’s a good child,’ I whispered, leading him in.
‘Come, come,’ he said, ‘you are flurried, Mr. Lockwood.
‘Come, it’s pleased so far,’ thought Alice, and she went on.
‘Come, let’s try the first figure!’ said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
‘Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!’ thought Alice.
‘Come, then,’ he whispered earnestly.
‘Come, you look rather better now!’ she said, after altering most of the pins.
‘Come,’ said Wardle, ‘a song — a Christmas song!'
‘Coming down the yard now, Sir,’ replied the hostler.
‘Coming, Sir,’ replied Sam, running upstairs.
‘Consent to what?’ she asked.
‘Consider your verdict,’ he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
‘Consider, Sir, consider.’ ‘I’ll not consider,’ replied Jingle.
‘Containing a position which I deny,’ interrupted he of the dirty countenance.
‘Contemplating the scene?’ inquired the dismal man.
‘Contrary!’ said a voice as sweet as a silver bell.
‘Count,’ said Mrs. Leo Hunter.
‘Country make,’ replied Sam.
‘Curious circumstance about those initials, sir,’ said Mr. Magnus.
‘Curious,’ said he, smacking his lips, ‘I hardly know, now.
‘Damn the curate, and thee!
‘Damned — thou saucy witch!’ he replied.
‘Dear man!’ said the spinster, as the door closed after him.
‘Dear me!’ exclaimed the old lady.
‘Dear me, no!’ said the King.
‘Dear old thing!’ said Arabella.
‘Delightful young man, his Lordship,’ said the Master of the Ceremonies.
‘Delightful, my dear Sir,’ replied the little man.
‘Devil of a mess on the staircase, waiter,’ said the stranger.
‘Devilish good — devilish good,’ said the man.
‘Did he though?’ inquired another cabman.
‘Did she come to Wuthering Heights because she hated you?’ I continued.
‘Did she say she was grieved?’ he inquired, looking very serious.
‘Did you say pig, or fig?’ said the Cat.
‘Did you say “What a pity!”?’ the Rabbit asked.
‘Did you speak’, he inquired, after an awful silence.
‘Digging for apples, indeed!’ said the Rabbit angrily.
‘Directly, sir,’ replied the waiter.
‘Ditto, ditto’ cried Tweedledee.
‘Do I look like it?’ he said.
‘Do be quiet, Payne,’ interposed the lieutenant.
‘Do nothing of the kind,’ said Jingle.
‘Do you know anything of this, Sam?’ he said sharply.
‘Do you know me, man?’ inquired the stranger angrily.
‘Do you know me?’ demanded the gentleman.
‘Do you know what to-morrow is, Kitty?’ Alice began.
‘Do you remain here?’ inquired Mr. Nathaniel Winkle.
‘Do you stop here, sir?’ ‘I do,’ he said.
‘Does the boots and shoes!’ she repeated in a wondering tone.
‘Does the person want me, Sam?’ inquired Mr. Pickwick.
‘Don’t be frightened,’ said the host.
‘Don’t go away, Mary,’ said the black-eyed man.
‘Don’t let him go alone!’ screamed the females.
‘Don’t let us quarrel,’ the White Queen said in an anxious tone.
‘Don’t trouble about an old creature like me.
‘Don’t trouble yourself,’ said Mr. Jackson.
‘Don’t you see?’ said Bob.
‘Double, single, and the rub.’ ‘Never was such luck,’ said Mr. Miller.
‘Drag her away!’ he cried, savagely.
‘Each with a lobster as a partner!’ it cried.
‘Eh!’ said Mr. Trotter, with a look of virtuous surprise.
‘Enough is as good as a feast,’ they say.
‘Everybody knows that,’ said the corpulent host.
‘Everything, my dear Sir,’ was the little man’s reply.
‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.
‘Except Mullins’s Meadows,’ observed the fat man solemnly.
‘Except Tom’s enemies,’ replied the bagman.
‘Excuse me,’ replied Magnus, standing on the wheel.
‘Far enough off, by this time,’ replied Wardle, coolly reloading his gun.
‘Faster!’ and dragged her along.
‘Father!’ cried he, recoiling in amazement.
‘Feather!’ cried the Sheep, as she took up another pair of needles.
‘Fiddle-de-dee’s not English,’ Alice replied gravely.
‘Fifteenth,’ said the March Hare.
‘Fill your glass, and pass the wine,’ said the indefatigable visitor.
‘Fine pursuit, sir — fine pursuit.
‘Fine,’ said Mr. Leo Hunter; ‘so simple.’
‘Fire away.’ Mr. Winkle advanced, and levelled his gun.
‘First and foremost, do you love Mr. Edgar?’
‘Fivepence farthing for one—Twopence for two,’ the Sheep replied.
‘For one hour,’ he pleaded earnestly.
‘For shame, young man!’ said the gentleman with the red nose.
‘For today we must part,’ she said.
‘Forgiveness!’ said Linton.
‘Forty-two,’ replied the driver, eyeing him.
‘Fourteenth of March, I think it was,’ he said.
‘Funny!’ he exclaimed involuntarily.
‘Get along with you!’ said Mrs. Weller, pushing him away.
‘Get off with ye!’ he growled, with uncompromising gruffness.
‘Get on your bonnet,’ repeated Wardle.
‘Get out of the way!’ cried the officers of the stationary one.
‘Get up, you idle boy!’ he exclaimed, with assumed heartiness.
‘Get your hat, Sam,’ he said.
‘Give me that key: I will have it!’ she said.
‘Give your evidence,’ said the King.
‘Go on, go on,’ almost shrieked the old gentleman.
‘Go on,’ said the judge.
‘God bless thee, darling!’ I cried, forgetting instantaneously my foolish fears.
‘Going outside?’ said the red-haired man.
‘Going to Ipswich, Sir?’ ‘I am,’ he replied.
‘Good hand at accounts,’ said Mr. Weller.
‘Good,’ he said, smacking his lips.
‘Good,’ said the stranger.
‘Good-bye!’ ‘Good-bye!’ said the housemaid.
‘Good-bye, Ellen!’ whispered my dear little mistress.
‘Good-bye, till we meet again!’ she said as cheerfully as she could.
‘Good-looking, too!’ whispered Emily Wardle.
‘Governor in?’ inquired Sam, in reply to the question.
‘Hadn’t they better go to bed, ma’am?’ inquired Emma.
‘Hallo there!’ he repeated.
‘Hallo!’ replied a faint voice from within the bedclothes.
‘Hallo!’ said the old gentleman.
‘Hallo!’ was the red-headed man’s reply.
‘Hallo!’ was the sound that roused him.
‘Hallo, Nelly!’ said Mr. Heathcliff, when he saw me.
‘Hand it over here,’ said the Dodo.
‘Hand it over,’ said the gentleman.
‘Hareton, it’s Nelly!
‘Have some wine,’ the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
‘Have you been seeing any spirits?’ inquired the old gentleman.
‘Have you got everything?’ said Mr. Winkle, in an agitated tone.
‘Hay, then,’ the King murmured in a faint whisper.
‘He does not know his letters,’ he said to his cousin.
‘He had better have something to eat, immediately,’ remarked Emily.
‘He has kissed another,’ gasped the excited manager.
‘He has kissed one of ‘em!’ exclaimed the delighted little man.
‘He has shaken hands with the men,’ cried the little agent.
‘He is a dreadful reprobate,’ said Mrs. Weller.
‘He is just going to supper,’ replied the girl.
‘He is,’ said Mr. Allen.
‘He is,’ said the middle-aged lady.
‘He knows nothing of what has happened,’ he whispered.
‘He must have been fast asleep,’ whispered Mr. Tupman.
‘He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,’ said the King.
‘He sleeps,’ murmured the spinster aunt.
‘He told me to begone as fast as I could,’ she answered.
‘He took me for his housemaid,’ she said to herself as she ran.
‘He understands us, I see,’ said Arabella.
‘He wants Miss Tomkins.’ Here there was a general scream.
‘He wouldn’t look at me,’ replied the boy.
‘He-he-he,’ tittered Mr. Magnus, affecting cheerfulness, and gasping with agitation.
‘Heathcliff dead!’ I exclaimed, astonished.
‘Hello!’ repeated Sam, still more gruffly.
‘Hem!’ said Miss Wardle, rather dubiously.
‘Herald, read the accusation!’ said the King.
‘Here he is at last!’ said old Mr. Wardle.
‘Here he is!’ said Sam, rising with great glee.
‘Here is the entry,’ resumed Dodson.
‘Here it is,’ said the pretty housemaid.
‘Here!’ replied a feeble voice.
‘Here,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘Here’s a game!’ roared the populace.
‘Here’s a subpoena for you, Mr. Weller,’ said Jackson.
‘Here’s the original,’ said Jackson, declining the required explanation.
‘He’s married.’ ‘Married!’ exclaimed Pott, with frightful vehemence.
‘He’s, perhaps, dreaming now,’ she continued.
‘Hoi — hoi — hoi!’ was the only reply.
‘Hoi!’ shouted the officers of the advancing line.
‘Hold your tongue!’ cried the Tiger-lily.
‘Hold your tongue!’ it added, before Alice could speak again.
‘Hope so,’ replied his companion.
‘How I should like to go,’ said Mr. Tupman again.
‘How am I to get in?’ asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
‘How are you?’ said the discomfited student.
‘How are you?’ said the old man, grasping Mr. Tupman’s hand.
‘How awkward you are,’ said the pretty housemaid.
‘How can I have done that?’ she thought.
‘How can she knit with so many?’ the puzzled child thought to herself.
‘How dare you tell me a falsehood?’ he said.
‘How did I do it?’ he inquired.
‘How do you know I’m mad?’ said Alice.
‘How dreadfully savage!’ exclaimed Alice.
‘How it snows!’ said one of the men, in a low tone.
‘How long they are!’ she exclaimed.
‘How long you have been!’ he said.
‘How long?’ ‘Ah!’ ‘Why, I don’t rightly know.
‘How must I arrange it, then?’ she asked despairingly.
‘How must I do?’ I continued, with rising irritation.
‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage.
‘However, I know my name now.’ she said, ‘that’s some comfort’.
‘Hum — what’s that?’ said the strange man.
‘Hurrah!’ gasped Mr. Winkle faintly.
‘Hurrah!’ shouted the mob, in conclusion..
‘Hush!’ cried Mrs. Linton, 'hush, this moment!'
‘Hush!’ said Sam.
‘I ain’t drunk.’ ‘Then you’re mad; that’s worse'.
‘I am exceedingly sorry, ma’am,’ he said, bowing very low.
‘I am not aware of anything more,’ replied Mr. Winkle.
‘I am so sleepy?’ she moaned.
‘I am to be sworn, my Lord, am I?’ said the chemist.
‘I beg your pardon?’ said Alice.
‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.
‘I can,’ replied Mr. Pickwick.
‘I cannot deny it, Sir,’ said Arabella.
‘I cannot rest, Ellen,’ she said, by way of apology.
‘I can’t imagine,’ replied Mr. Winkle.
‘I can’t sit on a chair,’ sobbed the boy.
‘I can’t tell why we should stay.
‘I dare say it will,’ replied his friend dryly.
‘I deny it!’ said the March Hare.
‘I did not question him,’ I answered.
‘I didn’t take it,’ said Mr. Pickwick indignantly.
‘I didn’t!’ she cried, recovering her speech; ‘I did nothing deliberately.
‘I didn’t, my Lord,’ replied Mr. Winkle.
‘I do, indeed,’ replied the Doctor.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ said Alice.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ she said.
‘I don’t know, sir,’ replied the housemaid.
‘I don’t know,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘I don’t know,’ I said.
‘I don’t know,’ he replied pettishly.
‘I don’t know,’ he replied, in the same tone.
‘I don’t know,’ he replied, with equal carelessness..
‘I don’t like this plan,’ said Mr. Pickwick, after deep meditation.
‘I don’t much care where—’ said Alice.
‘I don’t quite know yet,’ Alice said, very gently.
‘I don’t quite understand you,’ she said, as politely as she could.
‘I don’t see any wine,’ she remarked.
‘I entreat you to be quiet, Payne,’ said the other.
‘I expect him every instant, sir,’ said Arabella.
‘I fear I must,’ said Bob, with heroic firmness.
‘I have been hasty, too,’ said he.
‘I have been hasty,’ he said, ‘very hasty.
‘I have forgotten my flowers,’ said the spinster aunt.
‘I have met this gentleman before,’ said the Doctor, with marked emphasis.
‘I have no assistant, my Lord,’ said the chemist.
‘I have not had that pleasure, Sir,’ rejoined the landlord.
‘I have not the least doubt of it,’ replied the spinster aunt.
‘I have seen him,’ replied the middle-aged lady.
‘I have very particular business with him,’ said he.
‘I have,’ said the dismal man hurriedly.
‘I hope it is,’ said Wardle, with a short, dry cough.
‘I hope not,’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘I hope that’s Jack Hopkins!’ said Mr. Sawyer.
‘I hope you’re a good hand at pinning and tying strings?’ Tweedledum remarked.
‘I know it is,’ said Mr. Weller.
‘I let it off.’ ‘Well done'.
‘I like birthday presents best,’ she said at last.
‘I like them when they can talk,’ Alice said.
‘I mean what I say,’ the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone.
‘I merely want you to hear what this gentleman says,’ replied Dodson.
‘I must and shall!’ he replied in a subdued voice.
‘I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.
‘I must have two—to fetch and carry.
‘I must submit to you, Sir — ’ he said.
‘I must — Linton will be up immediately,’ persisted the alarmed intruder.
‘I must,’ replied Mary.
‘I never bet half a dozen!’ said the other.
‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice.
‘I never thought of that before!’ she said.
‘I only hope the boat won’t tipple over!’ she said to herself.
‘I only meant that I didn’t understand,’ said Alice.
‘I only took the regular course.’
‘I only wish I had such eyes,’ the King remarked in a fretful tone.
‘I rather think it can be done,’ said the bustling little man.
‘I really think you had better,’ said Allen.
‘I said there was nothing like it.’ Which Alice did not venture to deny.
‘I see somebody now!’ she exclaimed at last.
‘I see you don’t,’ said Alice.
‘I shall be glad to have a cup,’ I answered.
‘I shall feel proud of your acquaintance, Sir,’ said the little doctor.
‘I shall go as a bandit,’ interposed Mr. Tupman.
‘I shall have my supper in another room,’ I said.
‘I shall require good bail,’ said the magistrate.
‘I shall think it a dream tomorrow!’ she cried.
‘I should be sorry to think so,’ returned his companion.
‘I should like to buy an egg, please,’ she said timidly.
‘I should like to have it explained,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘I should like to have seen that dog,’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘I should like to hear her try and repeat something now.
‘I should like to see his poem,’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘I should think so,’ replied Sam, with a patronising wink.
‘I should win easy,’ said the Lion.
‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.
‘I suppose your master’s very rich?’ said Sam.
‘I surprise you, I see, ma’am,’ said the old gentleman.
‘I swear Linton is dying,’ repeated Heathcliff, looking hard at me.
‘I talk English, don’t I?’ the Frog went on.
‘I think I may as well go in at once.’ And in she went.
‘I think it is, Sam,’ said he.
‘I think it’s quite impossible to go on tonight,’ interposed Ben.
‘I think we may adjourn,’ said the Lieutenant.
‘I think you had better, sir,’ whispered Jinks to the magistrate.
‘I thought it had been your cousin Hareton,’ I observed to Catherine.
‘I thought it would,’ said the Cat, and vanished again.
‘I thought you did,’ replied the old gentleman, with indignant emphasis.
‘I thought you did,’ said the Mouse.
‘I wants to make your flesh creep,’ replied the boy.
‘I was coming to that,’ the Knight said.
‘I was out last night with my master,’ replied the stranger.
‘I was,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘I will consider,’ replied the old gentleman.
‘I will, father,’ he panted.
‘I will,’ said the aunt.
‘I wish I had the vagabonds here,’ said the captain wrathfully.
‘I wish I knew!’ thought poor Alice.
‘I wish she felt as I do,’ he replied: ‘spiteful, cruel thing!
‘I wish you would repeat it, Sir,’ he said.
‘I wish you’d come and see me,’ said Bob Sawyer.
‘I wonder how many miles I’ve fallen by this time?’ she said aloud.
‘I wonder if I shall fall right through the earth!
‘I wonder if all the things move along with us?’ thought poor puzzled Alice.
‘I wonder whether he’s disengaged now?’ said Jackson.
‘I won’t be held!’ cried the old man.
‘I won’t!’ said Alice.
‘I — I — really think they are,’ urged Mr. Snodgrass, somewhat alarmed.
‘I!’ exclaimed Mr. Pickwick.
‘If I’d meant that, I’d have said it,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘If!’ exclaimed the old man, with a look of excessive contempt.
‘Impossible,’ replied Mr. Pickwick.
‘Indeed I did,’ said Alice: ‘you’ve said it very often—and very loud.
‘Indeed!’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘Informers!’ shouted the crowd again.
‘Instantly, sir,’ said the lady.
‘Is Mrs. Dean within?’ I demanded of the dame.
‘Is anything the matter?’ inquired the three ladies.
‘Is he a ghoul or a vampire?’ I mused.
‘Is he not a handsome lad?’ he continued.
‘Is he to have any?’ she asked, appealing to Heathcliff.
‘Is it half-an-hour now, Ellen?’ she whispered in my ear, at last.
‘Is it possible?’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Is it worth keeping?’ I inquired, less sulkily.
‘Is nothing to be said to me?’ he cried, with open arms.
‘Is she alone?’ inquired the old gentleman.
‘Is she gone?’ I said.
‘Is she?’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘Is that all?’ Alice timidly asked.
‘Is that all?’ said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she could.
‘Is that the reason so many tea-things are put out here?’ she asked.
‘Is that you, Sam?’ he inquired, springing out of bed.
‘Is the fool drunk?’ asked Mr. Heathcliff.
‘Is there anybody in the kitchen?’ Not a soul.
‘Is this Bury St. Edmunds?’ ‘It is,’ he replied.
‘Is this the room?’ murmured the little gentleman.
‘Isn’t he a lovely sight?’ said Tweedledum.
‘It all came different!’ the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully.
‘It always happens,’ said the gnat.
‘It began with blotting paper,’ the Knight answered with a groan.
‘It began with the tea,’ the Hatter replied.
‘It can talk,’ said he, solemnly.
‘It can’t be anybody else!’ she said to herself.
‘It does the boots and shoes,’ it replied very solemnly.
‘It gets easier further on,’ Humpty Dumpty replied.
‘It is late!’ he said, speaking short and with difficulty.
‘It is nothing, is it, Ellen Dean?’ he said sternly.
‘It is striking four,’ I answered.
‘It is them,’ exclaimed Wardle.
‘It is well you are out of my reach,’ he exclaimed.
‘It is,’ replied the host.
‘It isn't poetry, is it?’ interposed his father.
‘It isn’t mine,’ said the Hatter.
‘It isn’t respectable to beg,’ said the King.
‘It must be a very pretty dance,’ said Alice timidly.
‘It proves nothing of the sort!’ said Alice.
‘It runs thus,’ said the grave man, still more gravely.
‘It sounds like a horse,’ Alice thought to herself.
‘It was all kinds of fastness with me, I can assure you!’ he said.
‘It was because you disliked Mr. Heathcliff,’ she answered.
‘It was the best butter,’ the March Hare meekly replied.
‘It’s a fabulous monster!’ the Unicorn cried out, before Alice could reply.
‘It’s a shame,’ said the bodyguard reproachfully.
‘It’s all over!’ thought Mr. Pickwick.
‘It’s all ready,’ said he, offering the pistol.
‘It’s exactly like a riddle with no answer!’ she thought.
‘It’s like a dream,’ ejaculated Mr. Pickwick, ‘a hideous dream'.
‘It’s of no use,’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘It’s only the Red King snoring,’ said Tweedledee.
‘It’s quite dreadful,’ he said, stopping his ears.
‘It’s really dreadful,’ she muttered to herself, ‘the way all the creatures argue’.
‘It’s so unsportsmanlike,’ reasoned Winkle.
‘It’s some damnable writing,’ he answered.
‘It’s very unfortunate,’ said the stranger, with a sigh.
‘It’s—it’s a very fine day!’ said a timid voice at her side.
‘I’d rather see that done on paper,’ he said.
‘I’ll be here next Thursday,’ she cried, springing to the saddle.
‘I’ll call him,’ I replied.
‘I’ll dance with the widow,’ said the stranger.
‘I’ll fetch the executioner myself,’ said the King eagerly, and he hurried off.
‘I’ll get one,’ the Knight said thoughtfully to himself.
‘I’ll go with him as far as the park,’ he said.
‘I’ll go with him,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘I’ll see,’ said Wicks, dismounting leisurely from his stool.
‘I’ll step out by and by, Mary.
‘I’ll tell you how I came to think of it,’ said the Knight.
‘I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ he began.
‘I’m delighted to hear it,’ he said, rubbing his hands.
‘I’m glad I’ve seen that done,’ thought Alice.
‘I’m nearly distracted, Nelly!’ she exclaimed, throwing herself on the sofa.
‘I’m not a mile high,’ said Alice.
‘I’m not a serpent!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘I’m not a visitor, and I’m not a servant.
‘I’m not offended,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘I’m not so sure of that,’ said the Unicorn.
‘I’m sure I have been a good mistress to you, Joe.
‘I’m very far from jesting, Miss Catherine,’ I replied.
‘I’m very unhappy!’ ‘A pity,’ observed I.
‘I’ve got it!’ she cried in a triumphant tone.
‘I’ve tied his tongue,’ observed Heathcliff.
‘Jingle,’ said that versatile gentleman, taking the hint at once.
‘Just come in, Sir,’ replied Jackson.
‘Just so, Sir,’ replied Mr. Jinks.
‘Keep your temper,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Keep yourself up for an instant — for only one instant!’ bawled Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Ladies and gentlemen,’ he said, suddenly rising.
‘Lady and gentleman?’ inquired Wardle, almost breathless with impatience.
‘Leave off that!’ screamed the Queen.
‘Leave the room!’ he said, glaring upon the bewildered youth.
‘Leave the room, Ellen!’ she repeated, trembling all over.
‘Let me have them, and I’ll send you a cheque.
‘Let me lead you downstairs,’ said the ever-gallant Mr. Tupman.
‘Let me out,’ cried Mr. Pickwick.
‘Let me see,’ said the legal authority.
‘Let us celebrate this happy meeting with a convivial glass,’ said he.
‘Little humbugs,’ he replied, deeply affected.
‘Look there!’ he said.
‘Look, look!’ she cried, pointing eagerly.
‘Lord, brother!’ said Miss Wardle, with a deprecating smile.
‘Married,’ repeated the old lady.
‘Men are such deceivers,’ she softly whispered.
‘Miss Rachael,’ roared the fat boy.
‘Miss is dreadfully wayward, sir,’ I called out.
‘Missed fire,’ said Mr. Winkle, who was very pale — probably from disappointment.
‘Missus!’ shouted the boy.
‘Most extraordinary female this,’ he thought, popping in again.
‘Much use that,’ growled the fat gentleman.
‘Mullins’s Meadows!’ ejaculated the other, with profound contempt..
‘Must a name mean something?’ Alice asked doubtfully.
‘Must not be continued, then,’ I said.
‘My dear Sir,’ remonstrated the little man.
‘My dear Sir,’ urged the little man.
‘My dear, it’s not my fault,’ said the gentleman.
‘My dear,’ said Mr. Pott, ‘I’m very sorry'.
‘My father!’ he cried, in strange perplexity.
‘My friend, Sir, Mr. Snodgrass,’ said Mr. Winkle, as the officer approached.
‘My man’s going too.
‘My mind goes on working all the same.
‘My papa scorns yours!’ cried Linton.
‘Nay!’ he snarled, or rather screamed through his nose.
‘Nay, don’t!’ I entreated.
‘Nay,’ he replied, looking down, and blushing bashfully.
‘Nearly there!’ the Queen repeated.
‘Nearly two miles high,’ added the Queen.
‘Never mind!’ I answered, tartly.
‘Never mind!’ said the King, with an air of great relief.
‘Never mind, sir,’ replied Mr. Magnus, striding up and down the room.
‘Never mind,’ replied his companion, ‘it will soon be over'.
‘Never mind,’ replied the old lady, with great dignity.
‘Never mind,’ said Wardle, after a short pause.
‘Never was such cards,’ said the fat gentleman.
‘Never!’ said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard as she spoke.
‘Never!’ was the valorous reply.
‘Never, ma’am — never,’ said Goodwin.
‘No other, ma’am,’ he replied, bowing very low.
‘No use, no use!’ said the King.
‘No warm water!’ exclaimed Mr. Bob Sawyer.
‘No — never!’ replied the astonished Mr. Pickwick.
‘No!’ rejoined Sam triumphantly.
‘No!’ she replied, peremptorily.
‘No!’ she shrieked.
‘No, I don’t think it is,’ he said: ‘at least—not under here’.
‘No, I don’t, Sir,’ replied the man civilly.
‘No, I have not,’ replied the clerk.
‘No, I shall be your companion there,’ I said.
‘No, I’ll not promise,’ I repeated.
‘No, Mr. Lockwood,’ said Nelly, shaking her head.
‘No, Nelly, I have not,’ he answered.
‘No, Sir,’ he replied, drawing Arabella’s arm through his.
‘No, he ain’t,’ said Mr. Grundy.
‘No, it ain’t,’ said the groom.
‘No, it can’t,’ said the Queen.
‘No, no — it’s over now,’ he said.
‘No, no!’ said the Queen.
‘No, no, no,’ added Emily hastily.
‘No, no,’ he interrupted, ‘the fault was mine.
‘No, no,’ murmured the spinster aunt; ‘I am better now'.
‘No, no,’ said Mr. Tupman, rising; ‘it will do me good'.
‘No, not all of you,’ said the strange man emphatically.
‘No, papa!’ she gasped.
‘No, she’s a sly one,’ he remarked, shaking his head.
‘No, sir, I haven’t,’ replied the boy.
‘No, sir,’ she replied timidly.
‘No, sir.’ ‘Then listen, if you please.
‘No, thank you,’ replied Mr. Winkle hurriedly.
‘No, that won’t do,’ I said.
‘No, to Wuthering Heights,’ he answered.
‘No, you don’t understand,’ the Knight said, looking a little vexed.
‘No,’ I said, half smiling.
‘No,’ answered Catherine.
‘No,’ he answered.
‘No,’ said Catherine; ‘unless in dreams'.
‘No,’ said Linton, with a gaze of vacant fear.
‘No,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘No,’ was the muttered reply.
‘Nobody said you did,’ said the Red Queen.
‘Nobody,’ said the messenger.
‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was silent.
‘Nor I,’ said the March Hare.
‘Nor anything at all, then, my lady?’ I said.
‘Not I!’ he replied.
‘Not above three-quarters of an hour,’ was everybody’s reply.
‘Not at all,’ gruffly remarked the elder man.
‘Not at all,’ said the King.
‘Not at your command!’ retorted Hareton.
‘Not exactly,’ said Sam.
‘Not for one minute,’ she replied.
‘Not much,’ said Mr. Winkle, rubbing his back very hard.
‘Not so well,’ he replied.
‘Not the man!’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Not the man!’ said the gentleman with the camp-stool in his hand.
‘Not the slightest fear, Sir,’ interposed the hostler.
‘Not without sneezing,’ replied Sam.
‘Not yet, not yet!’ the Rabbit hastily interrupted.
‘Not yet,’ said the Knight.
‘Not you!’ Tweedledee retorted contemptuously.
‘Nothing can be fairer,’ he observed.
‘Nothing like it,’ replied his father.
‘Nothing more to arrange, I think,’ said the officer.
‘Nothing now.’ ‘Very good, sir'.
‘Nothing the matter, ma’am,’ replied the stranger.
‘Nothing the matter,’ he replied.
‘Nothing whatever,’ said Alice.
‘Nothing whatever?’ persisted the King.
‘Nothing!’ Alice said impatiently.
‘Nothing!’ said the lady, looking up.
‘Nothing, my dear boy, nothing,’ said Ben.
‘Nothing,’ said Alice.
‘Nothing,’ said the spinster aunt.
‘Nothin’ at all, Sir,’ replied his attendant.
‘Now he is here,’ I exclaimed.
‘Now we must sit close,’ said the stout gentleman.
‘Now!’ cried the Queen.
‘Now, Kitty!’ she cried, clapping her hands triumphantly.
‘Now, Mr. Winkle,’ said the host, reloading his own gun.
‘Now, leave this house instantly!’ said Wardle, starting up.
‘Now, my dear sir — my dear sir,’ interposed the busy little man.
‘Now, who is that?’ asked Mr. Heathcliff, turning to Cathy.
‘Now, you go!’ he said to Earnshaw.
‘Now,’ he said, ‘sit down'.
‘Observe this’ said the disconcerted officer, gasping for breath.
‘Odd,’ said the old gentleman, taking the gun.
‘Of course I do,’ he replied.
‘Of course they will,’ replied Mr. Winkle indignantly.
‘Of course twinkling begins with a T!’ said the King sharply.
‘Of course you agree to have a battle?’ Tweedledum said in a calmer tone.
‘Of course you don’t!’ the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
‘Of course you know the alternative,’ replied the visitor coolly.
‘Of course — he has ordered me to take him,’ I replied.
‘Of course,’ replied Bob.
‘Of course,’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Of course,’ the Dodo replied very gravely.
‘Off directly,’ said the unabashed Jingle.
‘Off with her head!’ the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.
‘Off with his head!’ she said, without even looking round.
‘Oh dear, yes, quite,’ replied Bob.
‘Oh — you remember me, I suppose?’ he asked.
‘Oh!’ he sobbed, ‘I cannot bear it!
‘Oh!’ said Mr. Winkle, rising, ‘some friends of mine — show them in'.
‘Oh, Catherine!’ I cried, sorrowfully.
‘Oh, Edgar, Edgar!’ she panted, flinging her arms round his neck.
‘Oh, ah, I forgot that,’ he said.
‘Oh, certainly,’ replied Mr. Winkle.
‘Oh, certainly.’ By this time they had reached the road.
‘Oh, dear!’ she cried at last.
‘Oh, decidedly,’ observed the spinster aunt.
‘Oh, do, please’ cried all the ladies.
‘Oh, don’t talk about trouble!’ said the Duchess.
‘Oh, fie, silly child!’ I exclaimed.
‘Oh, he is, is he?’ said Sam.
‘Oh, he’ll catch his death of cold,’ said Emily.
‘Oh, hush!’ the Rabbit whispered in a frightened tone.
‘Oh, it will be something worse,’ she said.
‘Oh, it’s too bad!’ she cried.
‘Oh, no, Sir,’ replied Mary eagerly.
‘Oh, nonsense, don’t talk to me,’ said Mrs. Pott.
‘Oh, she’s gone away,’ said the old gentleman.
‘Oh, there can’t be any doubt about it,’ rejoined Mrs. Sanders.
‘Oh, yes, I did!’ replied Mr. Tupman; ‘repeat them'.
‘Oh, you can’t help that,’ said the Cat: ‘we’re all mad here’.
‘Oh, you foolish Alice!’ she answered herself.
‘Oh, you sing,’ it said.
‘Oh, you’ve come back, have you!’ said Mrs. Weller.
‘Oh,’ he cried, ‘I shan’t tell you where it is'.
‘One, indeed!’ said the Dormouse indignantly.
‘Only a month or so,’ replied Mr. Bob Sawyer.
‘Only a thimble,’ said Alice sadly.
‘Only in the usual way,’ Alice said, smiling.
‘Only to start the game,’ replied Mr. Wardle, laughing.
‘Only you must eat them both, if you buy two,’ said the Sheep.
‘Open the bag!’ he whispered.
‘Open the window,’ said the sick man.
‘Or both,’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Or drunk,’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘Papa told me; and papa does not tell falsehoods,’ she answered pertly.
‘Perhaps you looked at me?’ ‘Oh, no!
‘Perhaps you would like to call us swindlers, sir,’ said Dodson.
‘Person’s a-waiting,’ said Sam, epigrammatically.
‘Pickwick,’ said Mr. Tupman; ‘come up here'.
‘Play!’ suddenly cried the bowler.
‘Please, would you tell me what you call yourself?’ she said timidly.
‘Please, would you tell me—’ she began, looking timidly at the Red Queen.
‘Poor Hindley!’ I exclaimed, involuntarily.
‘Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,’ said Alice.
‘Pretty busy, eh?’ said the little man.
‘Punch, I think, sir,’ replied Wilkins.
‘Quite aware of the fact, Sir,’ replied the fat gentleman sharply.
‘Quite impossible,’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Quite out of the question,’ observed Benjamin Allen.
‘Quite right,’ said the King: ‘this young lady saw him too’.
‘Quite,’ replied Mr. Pickwick.
‘Quite,’ responded Mr. Winkle.
‘Rather, I confess,’ replied Arabella, wondering more and more.
‘Red-nosed chap?’ inquired Mr. Weller.
‘Regular good land that,’ interposed another fat man.
‘Remorse and misery,’ replied the stranger.
‘Repeat, “You are old, Father William,”’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Ring the alarm bell, somebody!’ cried a dozen voices.
‘Room for you all, gentlemen,’ said the stout man.
‘Rough weather!’ I remarked.
‘Rum creatures, women,’ said the dirty-faced man, after a pause.
‘Rum old girl,’ said Mr. Jingle, as he walked down the passage.
‘Sam!’ said Mr. Pickwick, calling over the banisters.
‘Sam,’ he said, looking out from under the bedclothes.
‘Samuel Weller?’ said Mr. Jackson, inquiringly.
‘Sap and sawdust,’ said the gnat.
‘Say he dreamt it,’ replied Mr. Jingle coolly.
‘Seems so,’ observed Sam.
‘Send the landlord,’ said the stranger.
‘Serpent!’ screamed the Pigeon.
‘Service is over,’ I announced.
‘Seven years and six months!’ Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
‘Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?’ it went on.
‘Shan’t,’ said the cook.
‘Shaving-water, Sam,’ he said, from within the curtains.
‘She boxed the Queen’s ears—’ the Rabbit began.
‘She can’t do addition,’ the Red Queen interrupted.
‘She can’t explain it,’ it said hastily.
‘She has blood on her lips!’ he said, shuddering.
‘She!’ said the old gentleman, with a knowing shake of the head.
‘She’s a fine creature,’ said Mr. Magnus.
‘She’s all right again now,’ said the Red Queen.
‘She’s coming!’ cried the Larkspur.
‘She’s fainted, or dead,’ I thought: ‘so much the better'.
‘She’s grown a good deal!’ was her first remark.
‘She’s my prisoner, you know!’ the Red Knight said at last.
‘She’s tired, poor thing!’ said the Red Queen.
‘Shout with the largest,’ he replied.
‘Show the gentlemen into the parlour, Tom,’ said the landlady.
‘Show your ticket, child!’ the Guard went on, looking angrily at Alice.
‘Silence!’ I interrupted.
‘Silence!’ he exclaimed.
‘Silence!’ roared the mayor’s attendants.
‘Sit down, sir,’ he said, at length.
‘Sit down,’ said the young man, gruffly.
‘Sit still, Mrs. Dean,’ I cried; ‘do sit still another half-hour'.
‘Sixteenth,’ added the Dormouse.
‘Snows, does it?’ said Wardle.
‘So I should think,’ he rejoined drily.
‘So I was,’ he said.
‘So cheerful he is!’ said Sam.
‘So have I,’ said the stranger.
‘So it is — so it is, old fellow,’ replied Wardle.
‘So make haste, Ellen!’ she cried.
‘So much humour,’ said Sam.
‘So much obliged!’ added Tweedledee.
‘So should I,’ said Mr. Tupman, speaking for the first time.
‘Some more toast - buttered toast, mind,’ said the gentleman fiercely.
‘Some one mistress does not expect,’ I replied.
‘Something in the yard,’ replied the stranger.
‘Sound philosopher,’ said Mr. Pott.
‘Speak lower, Mary — What is the matter?’ said Mr. Linton.
‘Speak when you’re spoken to!’ The Queen sharply interrupted her.
‘Speak, can’t you?’ he cried impatiently.
‘Speak, won’t you!’ cried the King.
‘Spirited contest, my dear sir,’ said the little man.
‘Stand up and repeat “‘Tis the voice of the sluggard,”’ it said.
‘Stay one minute,’ I began.
‘Stay, Mr. Jingle!’ said the spinster aunt emphatically.
‘Stop a bit,’ replied Sam, suddenly recollecting himself.
‘Stop!’ cried his father.
‘Stop!’ he said, after they had gone a few yards farther.
‘Stop!’ he said, arresting her by the arm.
‘Stop, my good friend!’ I cried.
‘Strange!’ said the little old man.
‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Alice loudly.
‘Suppose we change the subject,’ the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
‘Supposing it couldn’t find any?’ she suggested.
‘Surely you did not hear them!’ she said bashfully.
‘Swear the gentleman,’ said the judge peremptorily.
‘Swim after them!’ it screamed.
‘Take a bone from a dog: what remains?’ Alice considered.
‘Take care!’ cried Alice.
‘Take him up, Joe,’ said the old gentleman.
‘Take his skates off,’ he repeated firmly.
‘Take it,’ he added, thrusting the tray into my hand.
‘Take my colt, Gipsy, then!’ said young Earnshaw.
‘Take off your hat,’ the King said to the Hatter.
‘Talk of your German universities,’ said the little old man.
‘Thank you very much,’ said Alice.
‘Thank you, sir — thank you’ she exclaimed hysterically.
‘Thank you,’ replied Mr. Winkle.
‘Thank you,’ said Alice, ‘it’s very interesting’.
‘That I can’t remember,’ said the Hatter.
‘That accounts for the bleeding, you see,’ she said to Alice with a smile.
‘That is not true!’ exclaimed Linton, rising in agitation.
‘That proves his guilt,’ said the Queen.
‘That reptile!’ he replied.
‘That seems to be done right—’ he began.
‘That’s a clincher,’ said Mr. Weller, aside.
‘That’s a very gratifying reflection, Sam,’ he said approvingly.
‘That’s all,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s an unanswerable reason, anyhow,’ said Bob.
‘That’s good sound argument,’ said the placid man.
‘That’s hardly enough,’ he said, anxiously.
‘That’s it,’ said the old gentleman.
‘That’s just what I complain of,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s none of your business, Two!’ said Seven.
‘That’s right!’ I said to myself.
‘That’s right!’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘That’s right!’ shouted the Queen.
‘That’s the time,’ thought he, getting cautiously onto his feet.
‘That’s too high,’ murmured the provoking thing.
‘That’s very curious!’ she thought.
‘That’s very extraordinary,’ said the mottled-faced man.
‘That’s very important,’ the King said, turning to the jury.
‘The Lieutenant,’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘The cobbler nodded.
‘The commonest occurrence startles her painfully,’ I said.
‘The consequences may be dreadful,’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘The daisies are worst of all.
‘The dead letters, of course,’ said the bagman.
‘The doctor, I believe, is a very good shot,’ said Mr. Winkle.
‘The fact is — ’ said Sam, stopping short.
‘The licence!’ said Rachael, blushing.
‘The night through,’ he repeated.
‘The press is a mighty engine, sir,’ said Pott.
‘Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!’ the soldiers shouted in reply.
‘Then begin at once,’ said Wardle.
‘Then if the dog went away, its temper would remain!’ the Queen exclaimed triumphantly.
‘Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,’ said the Cat.
‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.
‘Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,’ said Alice angrily.
‘Then the Dormouse shall!’ they both cried.
‘Then you are not afraid of death?’ I pursued.
‘Then you should say what you mean,’ the March Hare went on.
‘There is a man in the passage now,’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘There is an inscription here,’ he said.
‘There is no air here,’ said the man faintly.
‘There is no date to that, is there?’ inquired a juror.
‘There is nothing in the world the matter,’ I whispered.
‘There isn’t any,’ said the March Hare.
‘There’s a barrow t’other side of the hedge,’ said the boy.
‘There’s a gate here,’ replied old Wardle.
‘There’s a good name before it, too, you will observe.
‘There’s my lodgings,’ said Mr. Bob Sawyer, producing a card.
‘There’s nobody here!’ I insisted.
‘There’s nothing but hay left now,’ the Messenger said, peeping into the bag.
‘There’s nothing the matter but laziness; is there, Earnshaw?’ he said.
‘There’s the officer,’ exclaimed Mr. Winkle, after a few minutes walking.
‘These are the earliest flowers at the Heights,’ she exclaimed.
‘They are going to the Grange, then?’ I said.
‘They are great scoundrels,’ he said.
‘They are here,’ added the count, tapping his forehead significantly.
‘They are not worth your notice,’ said the dismal man.
‘They are very like their mamma, Sir,’ said Mr. Pott, majestically.
‘They are, they are,’ ejaculated Mr. Tupman; ‘but not all men'.
‘They lived on treacle,’ said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or two.
‘They must be townspeople,’ said the magistrate.
‘They’ll turn up presently, I dare say.
‘Thinking again?’ the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp little chin.
‘This is a most extraordinary request,’ said the magistrate.
‘This is insufferable!’ he exclaimed.
‘This is it, ain’t it?’ ‘Let me look,’ said Sam.
‘This is the room, is it?’ said the gentleman.
‘This is very curious,’ he thought.
‘This is very strange,’ he said.
‘This is your room, sir,’ said the chambermaid.
‘This matter is growing alarming,’ he reasoned with himself.
‘This,’ replied Jackson, shaking the parchment.
‘This,’ said he, ‘determines me'.
‘Three hundred and sixty-five,’ said Alice.
‘Throw some cold water over her,’ said the old gentleman.
‘Tickets, please!’ said the Guard, putting his head in at the window.
‘Time — for what?’ said the spinster aunt coquettishly.
‘To answer the door?’ he said.
‘To be sure I do.’ said Alice.
‘To guard against the bites of sharks,’ the Knight replied.
‘To hear you, people might think you were the mistress!’ she cried.
‘To oblige me, you will,’ he resumed.
‘To the Angel at Bury,’ he replied, speaking very quickly.
‘To the bottom of the park,’ she stammered.
‘To what?’ inquired Mr. Pickwick.
‘Tomorrow!’ exclaimed his admiring followers.
‘Too proud?’ the other inquired.
‘Traitor!’ thought the spinster aunt.
‘Treacle,’ said a sleepy voice behind her.
‘Treacle,’ said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
‘True, true,’ said the stout gentleman; ‘no one can deny it'.
‘Turn a somersault in the sea!’ cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly about.
‘Tut, tut, child!’ said the Duchess.
‘Twelve pounds a year,’ he replied.
‘Two makes us eight,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘Two or three weeks,’ replied the man.
‘Very good,’ said the magistrate, signing the warrants.
‘Very likely, ma’am,’ said the magistrate.
‘Very likely,’ replied Sam briefly.
‘Very much indeed,’ said Alice.
‘Very sorry!’ said the furious magistrate.
‘Very sorry,’ said the crestfallen Miller.
‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite’.
‘Very well!’ shouted Joseph, as he slowly drew off.
‘Very well, Miss!’ I exclaimed, concealing my joy under an angry countenance.
‘Very well, my Lord,’ replied the chemist, in a resigned manner.
‘Very well, sir,’ replied the waiter.
‘Very well,’ he replied, looking round him.
‘Very well,’ said the magistrate.
‘Very!’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘—where’s the Duchess?’
‘Very,’ said Bob Sawyer, with his mouth full.
‘Very,’ said Dodson, opening the door.
‘Very,’ said his fellow-voyagers.
‘Very,’ said the gentleman with the camp-stool.
‘Wages?’ inquired Sam.
‘Waiter,’ said the gentleman with the whiskers.
‘Wake up, Dormouse!’ And they pinched it on both sides at once.
‘Wash away your spleen,’ he said.
‘Watch ‘em,’ said Jingle.
‘Water them now,’ said Mr. Tupman, in accents of persuasion.
‘We only found it to-day.
‘We wanted to plant some flowers there,’ she cried.
‘We were trespassing, it seems,’ said Wardle.
‘Weeks!’ said Mr. Pickwick in astonishment, and out came the note-book again.
‘Well then, good-night,’ he said, attempting to disengage his hand.
‘Well!’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘Well!’ said Mr. Weller to himself, as the man approached.
‘Well, Ellen, I’m so afraid of you being angry,’ she said.
‘Well, I think it is,’ said Mr. Wardle.
‘Well, I’ll tell you something!’ said Linton.
‘Well, Joe,’ said the trembling old lady.
‘Well, Wilkins, what’s the matter with you?’ said the Captain.
‘Well, close the curtains, Nelly,’ she said; ‘and bring up tea'.
‘Well, gentlemen,’ said the stout man, ‘very glad to see you'.
‘Well, here’s a game!’ cried Sam.
‘Well, is he coming?’ cried Catherine, when her cousin returned.
‘Well, it don’t much matter.
‘Well, it’s no use talking about it now,’ said Sam.
‘Well, my dear sir — you don’t take snuff!
‘Well, only on Thursdays,’ said the Queen.
‘Well, shake hands, won’t you?’ said Sam, disparagingly.
‘Well, then, he won’t,’ retorted Mr. Grundy.
‘Well, this is grand!’ said Alice.
‘Well, upon that understanding I’ll tell you,’ replied the traveller.
‘Well, well, I will,’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Well, well,’ cried her husband, crossly, ‘don’t strangle me for that!'
‘Well, you look rosy enough, my young friend,’ he said.
‘Well,’ cried Mr. Jingle.
‘Well,’ said I, ‘where are your moor-game, Miss Cathy?'
‘Well,’ said Mr. Weller, ‘the advantage of the plan’s obvious.
‘Well,’ said Sam, ‘I am glad to hear it.
‘Well—yes—a little,’ Alice replied gently.
‘Were you asked?’ she repeated.
‘We’d better take it with us,’ the Knight said.
‘We’re in time,’ exclaimed Wardle.
‘We’re sure to catch them, I think,’ said he.
‘What a curious helmet you’ve got!’ she said cheerfully.
‘What a funny watch!’ she remarked.
‘What a number of cucumber-frames there must be!’ thought Alice.
‘What a shocking scene!’ said the spinster aunt.
‘What a thick black cloud that is!’ she said.
‘What ails your young lady?’ ‘She’s gone, she’s gone!
‘What are these lads for?’ inquired Mr. Pickwick abruptly.
‘What are they doing now?’ inquired Mr. Pickwick, adjusting his spectacles.
‘What are they doing?’ Alice whispered.
‘What are ye for?’ he shouted.
‘What are you doing there, Nelly?’ ‘My work, Miss,’ I replied.
‘What are you laughing at, Mr. Jinks?’ said the magistrate.
‘What can all that green stuff be?’ said Alice.
‘What did he say his name was?’ asked the captain.
‘What did he say his name was?’ whispered Wicks.
‘What did he say?’ asked Hareton.
‘What did she say?’ inquired Bob eagerly.
‘What did you take it for, then?’ inquired the cabman.
‘What do I want with yours?’ I retorted.
‘What do you call yourself?’ the Fawn said at last.
‘What do you know about this business?’ the King said to Alice.
‘What do you mean by that observation, Sir?’ inquired Mr. Winkle, angrily.
‘What do you say?’ demanded the master.
‘What do you want here, scoundrels?’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘What does he teach you?’ I asked.
‘What does it matter where my body happens to be?’ he said.
‘What else have you got in your pocket?’ he went on, turning to Alice.
‘What fun!’ it said, half to itself, half to Alice.
‘What impertinence!’ said the pudding.
‘What is it, now?’ the Frog said in a deep hoarse whisper.
‘What is it?’ inquired Ben Allen carelessly.
‘What is it?’ inquired Ben Allen, interrupting him with some impatience.
‘What is the fun?’ said Alice.
‘What is the matter, my little man?’ I asked.
‘What is the matter?’ he said to the boy.
‘What is the name of the house?’ he inquired.
‘What is this?’ he said at last.
‘What kind of compromise would you recommend?’ he inquired.
‘What names, sir?’ said the man at the door.
‘What place is this?’ she inquired, pausing.
‘What shall I do!’ said the poor spinster, bursting into tears.
‘What should ail them?’ he said.
‘What size do you want to be?’ it asked.
‘What sort of things do you remember best?’ Alice ventured to ask.
‘What the devil, indeed!’ I muttered.
‘What the devil’s the meaning of this?’ exclaimed the host.
‘What was that?’ he asked.
‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.
‘What!’ ejaculated Mr. Pickwick, laying his hand upon his note-book.
‘What!’ he said, with a sudden start.
‘What, don’t you know me?’ said the medical gentleman.
‘What’s Mr. Smithie?’ inquired Mr. Tupman.
‘What’s her name?’ inquired Mary.
‘What’s that in English?’ inquired Sam.
‘What’s that you say?’ - pretending that the kitten was speaking.
‘What’s the matter now?’ said Wardle.
‘What’s the matter with the dogs’ legs?’ whispered Mr. Winkle.
‘What’s the matter?’ he inquired.
‘What’s the matter?’ inquired Sam, looking vacantly about him.
‘What’s the matter?’ inquired the clerk.
‘What’s the matter?’ roared the master of the house.
‘What’s the matter?’ screamed the ladies.
‘What’s the row, Sam?’ inquired one gentleman in black calico sleeves.
‘What’s to be done?’ said he, looking at the bottle.
‘What’s your Christian name, Sir?’ angrily inquired the little judge.
‘What’s your business here?’ he demanded, grimly.
‘When they’re in a good humour,’ interposed the dirty-faced man.
‘Where am I to sleep tonight?’ he inquired.
‘Where am I?’ he exclaimed.
‘Where are we to go to?’ they screamed.
‘Where do you come from?’ inquired the clerk.
‘Where do you come from?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Where do you live?’ said the magistrate.
‘Where is Miss Catherine?’ I cried hurriedly.
‘Where is she — my amiable lady?’
‘Where is the use of the devil in that sentence?’ tittered Linton.
‘Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?’ he asked.
‘Where, ma’am?’ ‘In Ipswich.’
‘Where?’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Where’s Arabella?’ cried a dozen voices..
‘Where’s Heathcliff?’ she said, interrupting me.
‘Where’s Miss Rachael?’ He couldn’t say.
‘Where’s Mr. Jingle, then?’ He didn’t know.
‘Where’s Rachael?’ said Mr. Wardle.
‘Where’s an officer?’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘Which door?’ said the Frog.
‘Which way?’ said the boy, in a slow and sleepy voice.
‘Who are at it again?’ she ventured to ask.
‘Who are you?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Who are you?’ ‘My name was Isabella Linton,’ I replied.
‘Who can it be?’ I thought.
‘Who dares apprehend me?’ said Mr. Tupman.
‘Who ever said it was?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Who has taught you those fine words, my bairn?’ I inquired.
‘Who is he, you scoundrel,’ interposed Wardle.
‘Who is his master?’ continued the tiresome girl, appealing to me.
‘Who is it?’ cried Sam again.
‘Who is she?’ inquired Mr. Tupman.
‘Who is that?’ I whispered.
‘Who is that?’ he asked, hearing some one approaching.
‘Who?’ Short girl — black eyes — niece Emily.
‘Whose then — your master’s?’ she asked.
‘Who’s gone?’ said Mr. Wardle fiercely.
‘Who’s making personal remarks now?’ the Hatter asked triumphantly.
‘Who’s there?’ said Mr. Pickwick, starting up in bed.
‘Who’s your master?’ ‘Devil daddy,’ was his answer.
‘Why all round her head, of course,’ the Rose replied.
‘Why did you not say so to Catherine?’
‘Why don’t you look at it, then?’ inquired Mr. Weller..
‘Why have you that silk frock on, then?’ he said.
‘Why not?’ asked Bob, in reply.
‘Why not?’ said the March Hare.
‘Why not?’ said the chairman.
‘Why shouldn’t he?’ A murmur of assent ran through the company.
‘Why the Lion and the Unicorn, of course,’ said the King.
‘Why, I don’t exactly know about that,’ he replied.
‘Why, I’ve done all the screaming already,’ said the Queen.
‘Why, because there’s nobody with me!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘Why, of course I did,’ replied Mr. Benjamin Allen.
‘Why, she,’ it said.
‘Why, what are your shoes done with?’ it said.
‘Why, what is the matter?’ cried I.
‘Why, yes,’ said the attorney, with a slight cough.
‘Why?’ she asked, aloud.
‘Why?’ she asked, gazing nervously round.
‘Why?” inquired the young lady.
‘Will you allow me to detain you one moment?’ said he.
‘Will you have some breakfast?’ I said.
‘Will you step forward?’ said the officer.
‘Winkle — Winkle!’ he shouted, calling into the inner room.
‘Won’t anybody enliven us?’ said the chairman, despondingly.
‘Won’t it do in the morning?’ said the woman.
‘Won’t it go?’ inquired Mr. Pickwick.
‘Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?
‘Would you like to see a little of it?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘Wretched woman, look here,’ exclaimed the husband.
‘Yes!’ I reflected to myself, ‘we shall have a fit of illness'.
‘Yes!’ shouted Alice.
‘Yes, I think it is rather good,’ observed Sam, highly flattered.
‘Yes, I think it is,’ resumed Mr. Magnus.
‘Yes, Mr. Weller,’ replied Emma; ‘we always have on Christmas Eve'.
‘Yes, Sir,’ said the gardener.
‘Yes, but then I came and rescued her!’ the White Knight replied.
‘Yes, close it,’ he replied, in his familiar voice.
‘Yes, he is, Sir,’ replied the landlady.
‘Yes, he is,’ was the reply, ‘but he’s very busy'.
‘Yes, if you like,’ said Alice.
‘Yes, indeed!’ replied the boy, with unwonted vivacity.
‘Yes, indeed,’ responded her reprover.
‘Yes, my bed, Sir,’ replied Sam, ‘I’m a prisoner.
‘Yes, my dear,’ he replied, filling a fresh pipe.
‘Yes, now and then,’ I answered.
‘Yes, please do!’ pleaded Alice.
‘Yes, pretty well—some poetry,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘Yes, this is it,’ said Sam.
‘Yes,’ replied his father, ‘I’ve been here before, in my time'.
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’
‘Yes,’ said the girl, ‘first floor'.
‘You alarm me!’ said the King.
‘You are a young man,’ said Pott.
‘You are drunk,’ returned the magistrate.
‘You are fairly in for it,’ said the jolly host.
‘You are mad,’ he said.
‘You are not dreaming of it, are you?’ She smiled.
‘You are not really going?’ said he, taking the man aside.
‘You are right, sir,’ replied Mr. Pickwick, ‘they are not'.
‘You are sure nobody spoke?’ ‘Quite sure,’ replied his cousin.
‘You are,’ said the King.
‘You astonish me, Sir,’ said Mr. Leo Hunter.
‘You can,’ replied Mr. Snodgrass.
‘You cannot possibly be angry with him,’ he emarked.
‘You did!’ said the Hatter.
‘You did, Sir,’ replied the judge, with a severe frown.
‘You did,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘You don’t know what you’re talking about!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘You don’t seem to mind it,’ observed Bob.
‘You don’t take water, of course?’ said Bob Sawyer.
‘You had better not!’ said Mr. Sawyer, with a threatening aspect.
‘You had better say he won’t,’ replied the chairman.
‘You hear that, Mr. Wicks,’ said Dodson.
‘You in silk stockings!’ exclaimed Mr. Tupman jocosely.
‘You just come away,’ said Mr. Weller.
‘You may go, Sam,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘You may retire.’ Sam did retire accordingly.
‘You mean proposing?’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘You mean to dance?’ said Wardle.
‘You must hit the trees pretty often, I should think,’ she said.
‘You must not go!’ she exclaimed, energetically.
‘You ought, Sir,’ said the fat gentleman, in an awful voice.
‘You scandalous old hypocrite!’ she replied.
‘You seem unhappy, Mr. Jingle,’ said the lady, in a plaintive voice.
‘You seem very clever at explaining words, Sir,’ said Alice.
‘You shall have it,’ replied Mr. Snodgrass, clasping his friend’s hand.
‘You shall have some of the very best, sir,’ replied the waiter.
‘You shall have tea before you go home,’ he added.
‘You shall make it, sir,’ said the grave man.
‘You shall not meddle with him!’ I continued.
‘You shall smart for this,’ gasped Mr. Pickwick.
‘You should not have spoken to him!’ she expostulated with Master Linton.
‘You take some flour—’ ‘Where do you pick the flower?’ the White Queen asked.
‘You will be sure to come?’ said Mr. Snodgrass.
‘You will convince yourself?’ said Jingle.
‘Your beasts have trotted off,’ he said.
‘Your health, Sir,’ said Sam.
‘Your worthless friend!’ I answered, warmly: ‘the sneaking rascal yonder'.
‘You’d better hold your tongue, now,’ he answered fiercely.
‘You’d better not talk!’ said Five.
‘You’ll be content with the cushion, Master Heathcliff.
‘You’ll see me what!’ asked Catherine in surprise.
‘You’ll take me in?’ said the benevolent old clergyman.
‘You’re a fool, and may go downstairs,’ said the scientific gentleman.
‘You’re a good fellow’ said the host, grasping his hand.
‘You’re a very poor speaker,’ said the King.
‘You’re holding it upside down!’ Alice interrupted.
‘You’re thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
‘You’re very good,’ said Mr. Pickwick.
‘You’ve been wrong!’ cried Tweedledum.
‘You’ve heard of me, I daresay?’ ‘No,’ he replied again.
‘You’ve missed the soup and fish,’ she said.
‘You’ve seen me before, sir.
‘—so long as I get somewhere,’ Alice added as an explanation.
‘“Don’t be frightened,” said Tom.
‘“He’s a tall man,” said Tom.
‘“I leave England tomorrow,” he said, after a moment’s pause.
‘“I’ll astonish you,” said Tom, putting his hand in his pocket.
‘“Who is that gentleman in the bar, ma’am?” inquired Tom.
‘“Wouldn’t she?” said the old gentleman firmly.
’Tis true indeed that she awoke.
’Twill be as easy as stealing milk from a kitten.
“A bet,” I said.
“A gamester!” she cried.
“A ripping speech,” he said.
“A swallow,” said Chee-Chee.
“A thousand thanks,” I said.
“All right,” I said.
“And is Miss Darcy as handsome as her brother?” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“And is this all?” cried Elizabeth.
“And that’s all I get,” he moaned.
“And this is always the way with him,” she added.
“And what better chance could you ask?” I cried.
“Are you Alexander Turnbull?” he asked.
“Are you?” inquired Tom Smart.
“At your service,” he said politely.
“Beg pardon, Sir Harry,” said one.
“Bob’s got to go to town tonight,” he added, turning to me.
“But I don’t see,” he went on.
“But I’m a strong teetotaller,” he said pugnaciously.
“But that makes hardly any sound at all,” said the Doctor.
“But what is to be done about Pemberley?” cried Mrs. Gardiner.
“By God, the murderer!” he cried.
“Can I speak to you?” he said.
“Can the dispositions not be changed?” I asked.
“Can this be Mr. Darcy?” thought she.
“Can you deny that you have done it?” she repeated.
“Certainly it has,” said Jip.
“Clear, isn’t it?” he said pleasantly.
“Come here, child,” cried her father as she appeared.
“Come in here a moment,” I said.
“Consider,” he said.
“Dear old Africa!” sighed Polynesia.
“Did you tell him what has happened?” he asked.
“Do you certainly leave Kent on Saturday?” said she.
“Do you mean the master of The Saucy Sally?” asked the porpoises.
“Do you wonder?” he cried.
“Do!” replied the client, with sudden vehemence.
“Do,” said the guard.
“Doctor!” he cried.
“Doctor!” she cried.
“Does the new Surveyor know you?” I asked.
“Don’t do that, my boy,” said the father.
“Don’t get flustered, uncle,” he said.
“Don’t you hear the canaries singing?” The Doctor stopped and listened.
“Don’t you see it’s a clue,” I shouted.
“Down with him!” The lady gave a loud scream.
“Eh?” said my uncle, not at all appearing to comprehend their meaning.
“Father — devil!” murmured the convict between his set teeth.
“First turn to the right up by the long fir-wood,” he enjoined.
“Frightful, my dear ma’am; but compose yourself,” said Tom.
“From Rhodesia, you remember.” “Good God, the murderer!” he choked.
“Get the rope!” said Polynesia.
“Get up, and be gone out of my sight,” said the mourner.
“Good Gracious!” cried the Doctor.
“Good evening to you,” he said gravely.
“Good,” said Sir Harry.
“Good-morning, Sir,” said the widow.
“Ha, ha!” cried the King.
“Hallo!” said my uncle, falling back a step or two.
“Hark to that gale howling in the East!” they said.
“Hark!” cried the young lady, starting.
“Hark!” said the old man.
“Have they gone?” I asked.
“He is perfectly well behaved, polite, and unassuming,” said her uncle.
“He is safe,” he cried.
“He must be an oddity, I think,” said she.
“Here’s the most I can make of it,” I said.
“High spirit,” said I.
“His father was an excellent man,” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“Hold hard, Bill,” he says.
“How Nellie will chuckle,” said the plump man.
“How are you, old boy?” said Tom.
“How do you feel, Catherine?” he repeated.
“How nicely we are all crammed in,” cried Lydia.
“Hullo, Jopley,” I sang out.
“I ain’t doing nothing,” said the child.
“I am afraid he must put off his journey,” I said.
“I am her guardian, Tom,” said the old gentleman.
“I am not bullying you, sir,” said Ramsey.
“I am thinking of what you have been telling me,” said she.
“I apologise to the shade of Scudder,” he said.
“I beg your pardon,” I replied.
“I call it disgraceful,” he said, raising his voice.
“I came to dig a grave, Sir,” stammered Gabriel.
“I cannot commit murder,” I replied.
“I cannot tell them yet,” he answered.
“I can’t, guv’nor,” I said in a real beggar’s whine.
“I declare, it is the pirates’ rum-room!” said Jip in a whisper.
“I did,” said I.
“I didn’t ask you to eat them,” he said quietly.
“I do indeed,” replied Elizabeth, colouring.
“I do not know when I have been more shocked,” said she.
“I don’t know what to make of it,” he said at last.
“I don’t know what you mean,” I said roughly.
“I don’t like the look of that sail,” said Dab-Dab.
“I feel sorry about Bumpo,” said the Doctor.
“I felt sure there was twopence left,” said the Doctor.
“I have spoken to him,” he said.
“I know all about that, Tom,” said the old gentleman.
“I know all about that.” ‘“About what?” said Tom.
“I meant to say, Yes.” I had forgotten all about my alias.
“I must see Sir Walter,” I panted.
“I see what you are feeling,” replied Charlotte.
“I see your design, Bingley,” said his friend.
“I shall not meddle in the matter,” I retorted again.
“I smell no snuff as yet,” he said.
“I want a word with you.” And I led him into the dining-room.
“I want it in five minutes,” he said.
“I want to write books,” he said.
“I wasn't up very early,” I said.
“I will tell you a tale,” he said.
“I will,” said my uncle.
“I'll see you get your papers in good time,” he said.
“If one could but go to Brighton!” observed Mrs. Bennet.
“Indeed I have, sir,” was her answer.
“Insolent girl!” said Elizabeth to herself.
“Is his Lordship at home?” I asked.
“Is she gone?” he eagerly inquired.
“Is that place an inn?” I asked.
“It is,” said the client.
“It was a rash one,” said she.
“It was all that stupid pig’s fault,” said Polynesia.
“It was not the echoes,” said the goblin.
“It was not,” said a deep voice.
“It’s a chance,” he said.
“It’s a silly business, this kissing,” he said.
“It’s easy speaking,” he moaned.
“It’s got to be more retired than that,” I said.
“I’ll do nothing of the sort,” said my uncle.
“I’ll keep him out five minutes,” he exclaimed.
“I’m a colonial and travel light.” “A colonial,” he cried.
“I’m very sorry,” he said humbly.
“I’ve brought you the Portland Place murderer,” was Sir Walter’s introduction.
“Let us get on,” he said.
“Listen, Ben Ali,” said John Dolittle, leaning over the side.
“Listen, Sir Harry,” I said.
“Lonely,” said I.
“Look at the time,” said the old man.
“Lord save us!” cried the duck.
“Maybe, maybe,” said the old man.
“Meantime I vote we have a game of bridge,” said the plump one.
“Mining engineer,” I said.
“Miserable morning,” said Tom.
“Morning,” said the last.
“Mr Hannay?” he said hesitatingly.
“Mr Scudder...” I stammered.
“My blame, sir,” I answered him.
“My business is desperately important.” That butler was a great man.
“My dear preserver!” exclaimed the young lady.
“My dear, dear Lydia!” she cried.
“My dear, kind, brave preserver!” “Don’t,” said my uncle, interrupting her.
“My gracious!” said Gub-Gub in a hushed voice.
“My name’s Hannay,” I said.
“Never,” said my uncle.
“No, I do not, fellow,” rejoined my uncle.
“No, no,” returned the widow hastily.
“No,” I said.
“No,” said Jip.
“No,” said the Frenchman.
“Nonsense!” said the official from the Admiralty.
“Not a bit of it,” said he.
“Not as ill as I wish,” he replied.
“Not at all,” said he.
“Not yet,” replied Jane.
“Now let us have the little note-book,” said Sir Walter.
“Now — Catherine,” he said, “how do you feel?”
“O Oysters, come and walk with us!” The Walrus did beseech.
“O Oysters,” said the Carpenter.
“Of course I do,” and he held out his hand.
“Oh, I can’t compose myself,” shrieked the widow.
“Oh, I forgot you,” said the tyrant.
“Oh, damn,” said the young man.
“Oh, do be sensible!” cried Dab-Dab.
“Oh, for God’s sake stop jawing,” I cried.
“Oh, he didn’t put it anywhere — on me,” said the horse.
“Oh, the deception and villainy of the man!” said the widow.
“Oh, you dunce!” I said, laughing heartily at his failure.
“One of the cubs won’t eat,” she said.
“Pardon,” he said, “I’m a bit rattled tonight”.
“Quit this room,” said both men together, grasping their swords.
“Run, Heathcliff, run!” she whispered.
“Scotland Yard,” I said.
“See here,” I whispered.
“See!” cried Dab-Dab.
“Set me down, George,” she said faintly.
“She isn’t here.” “Are you sure?” said the Doctor.
“Show him some more!” said the king of the goblins.
“Since yesterday night,” she replied.
“So?” he said, still smiling.
“Stand off!” cried the old man, with a dreadful oath.
“Stand off!” shrieked the old man.
“Stop that row, Paddock,” I said.
“That’s what comes of being a teetotaller,” he observed in bitter regret.
“That’s what you call a ‘stowaway,’” said the parrot.
“The Black Stone,” he repeated.
“The boy’s uncle is down there,” said Jip quietly.
“There’s a terrible heap of silver in it,” he said.
“There’s two chaps below looking for you,” he whispered.
“There’s worse jobs and there’s better,” I said sententiously.
“These were never made by a country shoemaker.” “They were not,” I said readily.
“They could,” he said.
“This fellow is all right.” They asked one last question.
“This is a great nuisance,” said the Doctor.
“To tell the time by,” said the parrot.
“True,” said the owl.
“Very well, then stop where you are,” said the guard.
“Very well,” he said sadly.
“Was it a large one?” inquired Tom.
“Was it as bad as that?” he asked ruefully.
“We always know,” answered the rat.
“We are pursued!” cried the young lady, clasping her hands.
“We have not an instant to lose here,” said the young lady.
“We mean regular staircases,” I said.
“We must have run into Africa,” said the Doctor.
“Well met, my lad!” He got a horrid fright.
“Well now — wait a minute,” said the Doctor.
“Well, don’t do it again,” said the father.
“We’re on the scent at last,” I cried excitedly.
“What are we to do?” inquired the man of business.
“What are you doing here?” asked the duck.
“What are you doing in my bedroom?” cried the King.
“What do you do here on Christmas Eve?” said the goblin sternly.
“What does it feel like?” I asked.
“What have you got in that bottle?” said the goblin.
“What is it, Polynesia?” asked the Doctor, looking up from his book.
“What is it, my dear?” said my uncle.
“What is this I hear?” he cried.
“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“What now, what now?” said the old man.
“What prey, Robert?” shouted Linton from the entrance.
“What was your job in Rhodesia, Mr Hannay?” he asked.
“What were you thinking?” “I was thinking about people,” said Polynesia.
“What, is he coming home, and without poor Lydia?” she cried.
“What’s happened?” asked the Doctor, coming up from downstairs.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“What’s the matter?” said my uncle, from the coach-box.
“Where did you find out this story?” I asked.
“Where is Scudder’s book?” I cried to Sir Walter.
“Where’s Polynesia?” asked the crocodile.
“Who the devil are you?” he gasped.
“Why, of course!” said Jip.
“Why, to be sure — of course!” he said.
“Why, yes,” said Tom.
“Will you oblige me with the story of your recent doings?” he asked.
“Yes and no,” he said.
“Yes, I think so,” said the duck and started to count them.
“Yes, there are plenty,” said Polynesia.
“Yes, you do,” said Dab-Dab, the duck.
“Yes,” said the Doctor.
“You are ridiculous,” said his sister, and walked out of the room.
“You are too hasty, sir,” she cried.
“You aren’t one of the pirates, are you?” he asked.
“You begin to comprehend me, do you?” cried he, turning towards her.
“You can take up your life where you left off,” I was told.
“You forget you have a master here,” says the tyrant.
“You had better stand aside,” said I to the poor creature.
“You made a vow,” said she.
“You may dismiss the police from your mind,” he said.
“You may not travel through my lands,” said the King.
“You never did have a grain of sense!” she screamed.
“You seem in a hurry, my friend,” he said slowly.
“You will never leave me,” murmured the young lady.
“You won’t scream?” said Tom doubtfully.
“Your paper woke them up,” he said gleefully.
“You’ll know me next time, guv’nor,” I said.
“You’re only a bird!” “Quite true,” said the parrot.
“You’re the right sort of fellow,” he said.
“You’re young to be an innkeeper,” I said.
“You’ve a fine taste in boots,” he said.